run provenance for the archived Surefire reports in this directory

These reports were PRODUCED BY RUNNING THE SUITE.  They were not authored, not
derived from test source, and not reconstructed from a build log.  That matters
because the only thing a baseline is for is recording a failure nobody predicted,
and an authored report can only ever contain what its author already believed.

harvested-by: install-surefire-evidence.sh, committed beside this archive
harvested-from-commit: 1142314222c85f5ccaa73034f9edb98234fb2b61
harvested-from-branch: blitzy-8a1f8263-da1c-43cb-ab93-325ffe31d614
working-tree-at-harvest: 7 path(s) OUTSIDE this archive differed from the commit above, so the capture is evidence about the working tree at that moment rather than about the commit alone. This archive itself is excluded from the count, which would otherwise be self-referential and unstable
integrity: sha256-manifest.txt beside this note covers every report here and
  this note itself.  Verify the archive has not been edited since it was
  harvested with:  cd <this directory> && sha256sum -c sha256-manifest.txt
suites-installed: 284
aggregate: suites=284 tests=933 failures=3 errors=1 skipped=21
build-install-phase-exit-status: 0
build-test-phase-exit-status: 0

runtime provenance, read out of the installed reports themselves:
  java.runtime.version: 17.0.19+10-1-25.10.2-Ubuntu
  java.vm.version: 17.0.19+10-1-25.10.2-Ubuntu
  installed JDK path recorded by the runtime: not carried: java.home and sun.boot.library.path are machine paths and the property allowlist drops them, so this archive states the runtime by version rather than by location

the two transformations applied, and their exact extent:
  1. absolute machine paths replaced with placeholders: 256064 occurrences
     {REACTOR-ROOT}   the root the build ran from
     {LOCAL-ARTIFACT-REPOSITORY}   the local artifact repository the build used
     the repository path was taken from: the default location, the run having recorded no maven.repo.local
     VERIFIED, not asserted: after every report was written the archive was
     searched for both the harvest root and the home directory, and neither
     appears in any file.  A survivor aborts the install, so this line cannot
     be present while the claim is false.  The system temporary directory is
     deliberately not searched: a test that writes a scratch file there and
     logs its name is capturing its own behaviour, and that is evidence.
  2. non-allowlisted system properties dropped: 10464 across the archive
     retained, native, in every report:
       java.version java.runtime.version java.runtime.name java.vendor java.vm.name java.vm.vendor java.vm.version java.vm.info java.specification.version java.class.version os.name os.arch os.version sun.arch.data.model file.encoding jdk.debug
     dropped because they describe the machine and not the evidence: both
     classpaths, the launcher command line, the user name, home directory,
     country and timezone, the temporary directory, the boot and native library
     paths, and java.home.
  Every testsuite, testcase, failure, error, skipped and system-out element is
  byte-identical to what the runner wrote, and every retained property carries
  the value the runner wrote.  Each installed file was verified to have lost
  exactly the angle brackets the dropped lines carried and no others, and to
  still state its own java.runtime.version -- so a report in this archive proves
  which runtime produced it without reference to any prose, including this note.
  ONE further difference, stated rather than glossed because "byte-identical" is
  a strong word: the runner writes no newline after the closing testsuite tag and
  the rewriter emits one, so every installed report is exactly one trailing
  newline longer than its source.  Nothing else differs -- that was checked by
  reproducing the substitutions on the raw reports and comparing the whole of
  each report from </properties> onward, for all of them, not for a sample.

why the paths were replaced rather than kept:
  the baseline necessarily runs from a throwaway checkout of the base commit, so
  its path names a directory that no longer exists; and the two sides run from
  different roots by construction, so keeping the paths would make every report
  differ between the two sides for a reason unrelated to test outcomes, which is
  precisely what the row-for-row comparison must not be flooded with.
