ArkCase runtime migration - smoke evidence - migrated capture - reviewer note 02
================================================================================

SUBJECT: the build-time environment-variable value the migrated frontend build
  ran under, and why the home.html byte comparison is void without it
SIDE: migrated
RUNTIME: Java 17 (OpenJDK 17.0.19) with Node 20 (Node v20.20.2, npm 10.8.2)
BASE-COMMIT: c8f6226105 (full c8f6226105c28c2743281d26bf21ad73f7bb7f26)
MIRRORS: docs/migration/smoke-evidence/baseline/notes/02-node-env.txt
QUALIFIES: artifacts/home.html.sha256
VARIABLE: NODE_ENV
VALUE-IN-FORCE-ON-THIS-RUN: not set.  NODE_ENV was undeclared in the environment
  the migrated frontend build executed in
BRANCH-SELECTED-ON-THIS-RUN: the non-production branch, Gruntfile.js:L167
TRACKED-VALUE-IN-THE-REPOSITORY: development, on both sides
SAME-VALUE-ON-BOTH-SIDES: yes
NOT-A-VERDICT: no pass mark is recorded or implied anywhere in this note


WHY THIS NOTE SITS UNDER notes/ AND NOT INSIDE A CAPTURE FILE
-------------------------------------------------------------
A capture file holds observed output.  A qualification placed inside one would be
read as part of that output.  Everything here is something a reviewer needs in
order to read a digest correctly, so it is kept beside the captures rather than
in them.

This note owns exactly one concern: the value of the build-time environment
variable that the migrated frontend build ran under.  It deliberately does not
restate the determinism analysis or the scope of the five-artefact comparison;
those belong to 01-artifact-comparison-scope.txt, which is the note to read
first.


RULES PROVENANCE - BOTH FACTS, STATED TOGETHER
----------------------------------------------
Two facts have to be given together, because either one alone would mislead.
1) The project's rules facility returns, in full, that no user rules were
   provided.  There is no on-disk user rules document for this project, so there
   is no external full-text source to defer to for the constraints cited below.
2) Rules are nonetheless present and binding.  The requirements embed an explicit
   numbered block of seven rules, together with seven transformation rules that
   are the operational form of the PRESERVE and EXCLUDE lists - fourteen specific
   constraints in total.

Reporting only the first would imply that enterprise best practice is the sole
standard here, which is wrong.  Reporting only the second would misrepresent
where the constraints came from.

DISCLOSURE: the identifiers R-1 to R-7 and R-T1 to R-T7 used below, and their
  descriptive labels, are the migration plan's own navigational convention.  They
  are not quoted titles.  No rule is invented here, and none is softened.


THE MECHANISM - THE HOME-PAGE RENDERER BRANCHES ON NODE_ENV
-----------------------------------------------------------
Every anchor below was re-read from the working tree for this note rather than
carried forward, and each is quoted from the file it names.  Frontend paths are
relative to acm-standard-applications/arkcase/src/main/webapp/resources/.

The renderHome task is registered at Gruntfile.js:L156, and it decides what to
write by testing one environment variable.

BRANCH: Gruntfile.js:L163
  if (process.env.NODE_ENV == 'production') {
  The test is against the exact string 'production'.  This is the ONLY place in
  the pipeline where the variable is read: process.env appears exactly once
  across Gruntfile.js and the whole config/ tree, and this is that occurrence.

PRODUCTION BRANCH, SCRIPT LIST: Gruntfile.js:L164
  jsFiles = config.assets.distJs.concat(config.assets.lib.customJs);
  distJs is declared at config/env/all.js:L83 as
  distJs : [ 'assets/dist/vendors.min.js', 'assets/dist/application.min.js' ],
  so this branch renders references to the two BUNDLED artefacts, followed by the
  single external script held in config.assets.lib.customJs at
  config/env/all.js:L38.

OTHER BRANCH, SCRIPT LIST: Gruntfile.js:L167
  jsFiles = configUtil.getJavaScriptAssets()
    .concat(configUtil.getModulesJavaScriptAssets());
  QUOTE-NOTE: those two lines are one single line in the file, wrapped here for
  width.  This branch renders the UNBUNDLED, per-file list instead.

WRITE: Gruntfile.js:L177
  fs.writeFileSync(config.homePage.target, html);
  The target name is declared at config/env/all.js:L22 as target : 'home.html'.


THE VERIFIED CORRECTION - ONLY THE JAVASCRIPT LIST DIFFERS
----------------------------------------------------------
This is stated explicitly because a reader who assumed that BOTH asset lists
switch at the branch would over-read the risk described in this note.

The stylesheet list is the same expression on both sides of the branch:
  Gruntfile.js:L165   cssFiles = configUtil.getCSSAssets();
  Gruntfile.js:L168   cssFiles = configUtil.getCSSAssets();
Those two lines are identical, character for character.  Only the jsFiles
assignment differs, at :L164 against :L167.

CONSEQUENCE: the branch can change which SCRIPT references are written into
  home.html, and nothing else about the rendered page.  The stylesheet references
  are the same whichever way the branch goes.


WHY THE VALUE IS A PRECONDITION OF THE COMPARISON, NOT A DETAIL
---------------------------------------------------------------
home.html is one of the five artefacts the frontend byte comparison covers, and
its digest is recorded at artifacts/home.html.sha256.  Because the branch selects
a different set of script references, two captures taken under different values
of NODE_ENV would produce legitimately different home.html files.  The comparison
would then report a difference that says nothing whatever about the migration -
or, worse, a reader would take that difference for a regression.

Recording the value is therefore what makes the comparison falsifiable.  Without
it, a reviewer has no way to separate an informative difference from an artefact
of how the two builds were invoked, and the byte comparison would be meaningless
without anyone noticing.

The script-reference list that the branch selects is drawn from the frozen asset
configuration, so the branch output is deterministic given a fixed dependency
graph (R-T5 and R-T6).  That property is established in
01-artifact-comparison-scope.txt and is not restated here.


THE FOUR CORROBORATING LOCATIONS FOR THE RECORDED VALUE
-------------------------------------------------------
The value is taken from four independent places in the repository rather than
asserted from one, so that it does not rest on a single file.

1) The Tomcat environment-script region of README.md.
   QUOTED-ASSIGNMENT: export NODE_ENV=development
   ANCHOR-AT-BASE-COMMIT: README.md:L121
   ANCHOR-IN-THE-DELIVERED-FILE: README.md:L140.  The same assignment sits
     nineteen lines lower there because the file gained content earlier.  Locate
     it by the heading for the Tomcat environment script and the citation
     survives the shift.
   CITED BY ANCHOR ONLY: the enclosing region also carries key-store and
     trust-store credential material, so the single assignment above is the only
     thing quoted from it and the region itself is deliberately not reproduced.
2) acm-standard-applications/arkcase/src/main/webapp/build/build.env, first line
   NODE_ENV=development
   Application instance on its second line: the core application.
3) acm-standard-applications/acm-foia/src/main/resources/build/build.env, first
   line NODE_ENV=development
   Application instance on its second line: the freedom-of-information
   application.
4) acm-standard-applications/acm-privacy/src/main/resources/build/build.env,
   first line NODE_ENV=development
   Application instance on its second line: the privacy application.

CENSUS: listing the tracked files whose name matches build.env returns exactly
  the three files at 2, 3 and 4, and no others exist in version control.  All
  three carry an identical first line, and they differ ONLY in the
  application-instance value on the second.  That is what makes development a
  repository-wide convention rather than one file's setting.


HOW THE VALUE IN FORCE WAS CAPTURED, AND WHY IT IS NOT AN INFERENCE
-------------------------------------------------------------------
R-T7 requires the recorded value to come from the environment the build actually
ran in, captured as data.  It is not read off a build that happened to succeed,
and no statement in this note is drawn from a process exit status.  That
restraint is mandatory rather than fastidious: Gruntfile.js:L143 carries the
comment that grunt is made to default to force in order not to break the
project, and Gruntfile.js:L144 acts on it with grunt.option('force', true), so a
frontend build can fail a task and still exit zero.

OBSERVATION-1: NODE_ENV was undeclared in the environment.  It was tested for
  DECLARATION rather than for emptiness, so that a set-but-empty variable would
  have been distinguished from an absent one.  The result was absent.
OBSERVATION-2: the build's own predicate was then evaluated in that same
  environment.  The runtime reports the type of process.env.NODE_ENV as
  undefined, and the expression tested at Gruntfile.js:L163 evaluates to false.
  The non-production branch at :L167 is therefore the branch that ran.
OBSERVATION-3: the tracked value development also makes that expression false,
  because :L163 compares against the exact string 'production'.  An unset
  NODE_ENV and the tracked value development select the SAME branch.
OBSERVATION-4: no script in the repository sets NODE_ENV.  Searching the tracked
  tree, and setting aside the evidence notes in this folder that discuss it,
  finds the name in README.md, in the three build.env files, at Gruntfile.js:163
  and in two documentation pages - every one of those a declaration or prose, and
  none of them an assignment made to a running build.  No capture script under
  docs/migration/smoke-evidence/ sets it either: there are three such scripts and
  the name appears in none of them, and the historical frontend capture script
  exports only a Node version-manager directory at its :L55 and a
  continuous-integration flag at its :L73 before invoking the Grunt binary
  directly at its :L105.

Taken together, observations 1 to 4 establish that both captures ran with
NODE_ENV unset, and therefore that both took the same non-production branch.


ARTEFACT-LEVEL CORROBORATION, WITH ITS MECHANISM NAMED
------------------------------------------------------
The four observations above are the evidence.  The recorded digests add an
independent check, offered as corroboration rather than as proof.

cacheBust rewrites references to files under assets/dist/ inside home.html:
Gruntfile.js:L79-L86 declares it, with its asset pattern at :L82 and home.html as
its source at :L84.  A home.html carrying a reference to
assets/dist/application.min.js would therefore carry that file's content hash.

OBSERVED: the recorded digest of application.min.js differs between the
  pre-migration build and the migrated build, and so does the cache-busted name
  derived from it.
OBSERVED: the recorded digest of home.html is identical on both sides,
  43c5eb7d7735fc2894f0665cf0238cbf3e097baeb1b13c6c39fc5a1078b7c7a9, as recorded
  in artifacts/home.html.sha256 on each side.
READING: had the production branch run, home.html would have carried the
  cache-busted application.min.js reference and would necessarily have differed
  between the two builds.  It does not differ, which is what the non-production
  branch predicts.


THE BINDING CONDITION (R-7), AND WHAT A MISMATCH WOULD MEAN
-----------------------------------------------------------
R-7 makes the captured pre-migration behaviour the tie-breaker for any ambiguity,
and it is the defining rule for this note.  The condition it imposes here is
absolute, so it is stated in as many words.

THE MIGRATED REPLAY MUST HAVE RUN UNDER THE IDENTICAL VALUE OF NODE_ENV AS THE
PRE-MIGRATION CAPTURE, OR THE home.html COMPARISON IS VOID.

ON THIS RUN THE CONDITION IS MET.  The value in force was the same on both sides:
NODE_ENV was not set, so both builds took the non-production branch at
Gruntfile.js:L167.  The home.html comparison is admissible on that basis.

IF IT HAD NOT BEEN MET, this is what would have been recorded instead, written
down here so that a later capture cannot quietly do otherwise.  The mismatch
would be stated plainly, naming the value on each side.  The home.html comparison
would be declared VOID for that run, and the digest at artifacts/home.html.sha256
would not be compared at all.  The remaining four artefact comparisons -
application.js, application.min.js, vendors.min.js and application.min.css -
would remain fully in scope, because none of them is produced by the branching
task.  A home.html built under a different branch is never silently compared.


NODE 20 EXECUTION AND THE UNCHANGED TASK GRAPH (R-4)
----------------------------------------------------
GENUINE RUNTIME: the migrated artefacts were produced by a build genuinely
  executing on Node 20 - Node v20.20.2 with npm 10.8.2 - and not by a build
  pinned to an older runtime.
TASK GRAPH: Gruntfile.js:L376 registers the default task as loadConfig, clean,
  ngAnnotate, uglify, concat, cssmin, renderHome, cacheBust and
  copyToModulesConfigFolder.  The migrated replay runs that same sequence, and it
  is unchanged.
ANTI-OVERREACH FINDING: Grunt and its command line interface were verified to
  install AND execute on Node 20, so the pipeline was deliberately retained
  rather than replaced.  R-4 requires genuine Node 20 execution, not
  modernisation for its own sake; replacing a working pipeline would have
  destroyed this comparison in order to satisfy a preference.

A DISTINCTION WORTH KEEPING: NODE_ENV is a runtime-behaviour switch read INSIDE
the build, at Gruntfile.js:L163.  It is not a manifest engine constraint, and the
two have nothing to do with one another.  An engine constraint declares which
runtime may install and run the graph; NODE_ENV decides which asset list the
renderer writes once the graph is already running.  Conflating them would make a
branch selection look like a runtime declaration, or the reverse.


THE TRACKED VALUE IS NON-PRODUCTION - RECORDED, NOT CHANGED (R-6)
-----------------------------------------------------------------
OBSERVATION: on both sides, the tracked configuration sets NODE_ENV to
  development, which is not the production value the renderer tests for.  The
  consequence is that the rendered home page references the unbundled, per-file
  script list rather than the two bundled artefacts the same pipeline run just
  produced.

That is recorded here as an observation and as nothing more.  Nothing about it is
changed by this migration, and nothing here recommends changing it.  Switching
the value would change which script references land in home.html, which is a
behaviour change - and a behaviour change presented as tidying is exactly what a
behaviour-preserving refactor has to refuse.  R-6 documents a discovered
condition rather than repairing it.

No corrective action is proposed here, and none is deferred to a later change.
The change set's escape clause, which permits repairing a pre-existing condition
only where it blocks a validation item, was invoked exactly twice in this
migration, and neither invocation is in this folder.


SCOPE FENCE (R-1), AND WHAT THIS NOTE DOES NOT DECIDE
-----------------------------------------------------
R-1 permits a change only where it carries a specific compatibility reason.  This
note is prose: it adds no tooling, no dependency, no navigation entry and no
configuration.  Nothing about NODE_ENV is changed by the migration, so nothing
here justifies a change to it.

Nor does this note record an outcome.  It establishes the precondition under
which the home.html digest may be compared, and the value that was in force when
the capture was taken.  The per-artefact result of the comparison is kept in one
place beside this folder and is deliberately not duplicated here: two copies of a
result drift apart, and a reader cannot then tell which is current.


CROSS-REFERENCES
----------------
Named as plain paths, in this same capture directory unless stated otherwise.

01-artifact-comparison-scope.txt - the note to read first.  It scopes the
  five-artefact byte comparison, names the five digest files, establishes the
  determinism basis and records the source-map caveat.  This note qualifies one
  of those five digests and repeats none of that analysis.
artifacts/home.html.sha256 - the specific digest this note qualifies.  The other
  four digests are unaffected by the value of NODE_ENV, because no other compared
  artefact is produced by the branching task.
flow-2-views.result.txt - the per-flow result for the views flow, which is
  required to record the value of NODE_ENV in force for that flow.  That record
  and this note are meant to agree; if they ever disagree, that disagreement is
  itself the finding.


MIRROR OBLIGATION
-----------------
This note is paired with a counterpart at the identical filename on the other
side, docs/migration/smoke-evidence/baseline/notes/02-node-env.txt.  The two
notes folders mirror one another one-for-one so that a recursive diff of the
baseline and migrated capture directories is mechanical.  For this filename that
diff is expected to report a CONTENT difference and never a structural one: the
file must be present on both sides, and no counterpart may be missing.  The
filenames are therefore fixed and match character for character; a rename on
either side would turn a content difference into a structural one and break the
comparison for every reader who runs that diff.
