ArkCase runtime migration - smoke evidence - migrated capture - reviewer note 03
================================================================================

SUBJECT: which modules this run left uncovered and why, together with the corrected
  state of the local artefact repository the reactor depends on
SIDE: migrated
RUNTIME: Java 17 (OpenJDK 17.0.19)
BASE-COMMIT: c8f6226105 (full c8f6226105c28c2743281d26bf21ad73f7bb7f26)
MIRRORS: docs/migration/smoke-evidence/baseline/notes/03-environment-precondition.txt
BOUNDS: ../surefire/
  This note bounds the completeness of that archive.  The archive holds a per-module
  report only for a module the run actually reached and in which a unit suite was
  actually eligible to run; anything absent from it is absent for a reason recorded
  here, never for an unrecorded one
CLASSIFICATION: environment precondition, not a migration defect
PRECONDITION-STATE-ON-THIS-CAPTURE: satisfied.  The tracked local artefact
  repository was present in the checkout and reachable at every module depth, which
  is why this capture is complete rather than partial
NOT-A-VERDICT: no pass mark is recorded or implied anywhere in this note


WHY THIS NOTE SITS UNDER notes/ AND NOT INSIDE A CAPTURE FILE
------------------------------------------------------------
A capture file holds observed output.  A caveat placed inside one would be read
as part of that output, and a correction placed inside one would be read as
something the run measured.  Everything here is a qualification a reviewer needs
in order to read the captures correctly, so it is kept beside them rather than in
them.

This note owns two concerns that are really one.  The first is which modules the
build left uncovered, stated so that an uncovered module can never be mistaken for
a failing one.  The second is the state of the local artefact repository that
decides whether the build can reach every module at all.  They are the same
concern approached from two ends: coverage is the effect, and the precondition is
the cause.


RULES PROVENANCE - BOTH FACTS, STATED TOGETHER
----------------------------------------------
Two facts have to be given together, because either one alone would mislead.
1) The project's rules facility returns, in full, that no user rules were
   provided.  There is no on-disk user rules document for this project, so there
   is no external full-text source to defer to for the constraints cited below.
2) Rules are nonetheless present and binding.  The requirements embed an explicit
   numbered block of seven rules, together with seven transformation rules that
   are the operational form of the PRESERVE and EXCLUDE lists, which is fourteen
   specific constraints in total.

Reporting only the first would imply that enterprise best practice is the sole
standard here, which is wrong.  Reporting only the second would misrepresent where
the constraints came from.  Enterprise best practice is applied on top of the
fourteen, never as a substitute for them.

DISCLOSURE: the identifiers R-1 to R-7 and R-T1 to R-T7 used below, and their
  descriptive labels, are the migration plan's own navigational convention.  The
  requirements list the rules as numbered items without names, so the labels exist
  only so a statement here can be traced back to the constraint that produced it.
  They are not quoted titles.  No rule is invented here, and none is softened.

R-3 NOTE ON WORDING: every occurrence of the phrase JDK 8 below denotes the
  pre-migration baseline runtime and nothing else.  It never denotes a compile
  target of the migrated build, which compiles at release 17 from a single
  authoritative property, and nothing here proposes lowering the release level of
  any module for any reason.


WHAT THIS NOTE CORRECTS - THE LOCAL ARTEFACT REPOSITORY EXISTS
--------------------------------------------------------------
The migration plan records that the directory backing the local repository
declarations does not exist on disk.  That is not the case at this base commit and
it is not the case now.  The measured state below is the authoritative one, and the
divergence is stated openly here rather than left for a reader to discover as a
contradiction.  Every figure was re-derived for this note from the working tree
rather than carried forward from the plan.

DIRECTORY: arkcase-lib, at the repository root, tracked in version control.

  COMMAND     ls arkcase-lib
  OBSERVED    two entries, com and org, both directories

  COMMAND     git ls-files arkcase-lib
  OBSERVED    26 tracked entries, counted

  COMMAND     find arkcase-lib -type f
  OBSERVED    26 files, counted.  The on-disk count and the tracked count agree,
              so nothing in the directory is untracked and nothing tracked is
              missing from the checkout

  COMMAND     git ls-tree -r --name-only c8f6226105
  OBSERVED    26 entries beneath arkcase-lib at the base commit, counted.  The
              directory is therefore neither newly added by this change set nor
              altered by it

FILE-KIND SPLIT of those 26, counted by suffix: 6 jar, 4 pom, 6 sha1 checksum,
8 lastUpdated marker, 2 remote-repositories marker.  Six plus four plus six plus
eight plus two is twenty-six, so the split accounts for the whole directory with
nothing unclassified.

DIVERGENCE DISCLOSED: a brief in this work package describes the remainder as
  including a single remote-repositories marker.  Two are present, one under the
  forms client and one under the persistence-provider logging bridge.  The
  measured figure is published here and the smaller one is noted so the delta is
  visible rather than silently contradicted.

VERSION DIRECTORIES, each holding a real jar and a real POM rather than a
placeholder:

  COMMAND     find arkcase-lib -mindepth 3 -maxdepth 5 -type d
  OBSERVED    nine directories; the four that carry artefacts, in sorted order

              arkcase-lib/com/arkcase/arkcase-license-headers/1.0
                the licence-headers artefact
                arkcase-license-headers-1.0.jar and its POM
              arkcase-lib/com/touchnet/tlink-client/1.0
                the payment-gateway client
                tlink-client-1.0.jar and its POM
              arkcase-lib/org/eclipse/persistence/logging-slf4j/1.0.1
                the persistence-provider logging bridge
                logging-slf4j-1.0.1.jar, a sources jar and its POM
              arkcase-lib/com/frevvo/forms-java/6.3
                the forms client
                forms-java-6.3.jar, a classifier jar and its POM

DIVERGENCE DISCLOSED: the same brief gives the depth window for that command as
  three to four.  Four is one level short of the logging bridge, whose group
  identifier has four segments and whose version directory therefore sits at depth
  five; run with a maximum of four it is the one artefact the listing omits.  The
  command published above is the one that was run and the one that shows all four.


FOUR ARTEFACTS ARE UNOBTAINABLE FROM THE PUBLIC REGISTRY, NOT THREE
-------------------------------------------------------------------
The plan names three artefacts that resolve only from the local repository.  A
fourth, the forms client, is in the same position: it sits in the same directory,
it is declared by a reactor module, and it is not obtainable from the public
registry either.  It is recorded here because a precondition that understates its
own extent invites a partial fix.

REGISTRY PROBE, run for this note.  A HEAD request was issued for each POM under
the public registry, together with one control coordinate known to be published
there so that a uniform absence could not be mistaken for a broken probe.

  COMMAND     curl -s -o /dev/null -m 20 -w '%{http_code}' -I <coordinate POM URL>
  OBSERVED    404  com/arkcase/arkcase-license-headers/1.0/arkcase-license-headers-1.0.pom
              404  com/touchnet/tlink-client/1.0/tlink-client-1.0.pom
              404  org/eclipse/persistence/logging-slf4j/1.0.1/logging-slf4j-1.0.1.pom
              404  com/frevvo/forms-java/6.3/forms-java-6.3.pom
              200  org/ow2/asm/asm/9.8/asm-9.8.pom, the control

WHERE EACH IS DECLARED, read from the POMs rather than assumed.  Anchors are
against the current tree.

  licence-headers            pom.xml:L547-L551, a dependency of the licence plugin
  payment-gateway client     managed at pom.xml:L663-L667, declared at
                             acm-services/acm-service-billing/pom.xml:L107-L110
  logging bridge             managed at pom.xml:L1657-L1662, whose 1.0.1 is a
                             literal at :L1660 rather than a property, and declared
                             at acm-tool-integrations/acm-spring-data-source/pom.xml:L106
                             and at acm-web/pom.xml:L125
  forms client               managed at pom.xml:L722-L727 with a classifier, and
                             declared at
                             acm-services/acm-service-form-configuration/pom.xml:L19


THE PAYMENT-GATEWAY CLIENT IS GENUINELY LIVE
--------------------------------------------
This is the fact that decides how the precondition is treated, so it is measured
rather than asserted.

  COMMAND     grep -rln "javax.xml.rpc" --include=*.java .
  OBSERVED    exactly two files, both in the billing service module
              acm-services/acm-service-billing/src/main/java/com/armedia/acm/services/billing/web/api/TouchNetAPIController.java
              acm-services/acm-service-billing/src/main/java/com/armedia/acm/services/billing/service/impl/TouchNetService.java

Those two are the only files in the repository that import that XML-RPC package,
and the client that supplies it is the payment-gateway artefact above.  A
dependency with importing code is live, whatever its age and whatever registry it
comes from.

That sharply distinguishes this artefact from the four dead dependencies
registered elsewhere in docs/migration/pre-existing-defects.md.  A dead dependency
is left declared because removing it would be unjustified churn: it is never
loaded, so it carries no runtime risk, and altering the declared set would change
classpath composition in a way that was not audited.  A live dependency that could
fail to resolve is treated instead as an environment precondition.  The two cases
point in opposite directions only on the surface.  In both the answer is the same,
which is R-1 applied consistently rather than two different rules: do not touch
the dependency graph without a justification.


THE SEVEN RETAINED file:// DECLARATIONS, ACROSS FOUR DEPTHS BY DESIGN
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Re-read for this note from the region the plan cites, sed -n '225,276p' pom.xml at
the base commit, and then measured again against the current tree, where the
anchors have shifted because two unrelated declarations were removed above them.
Both sets are given so a reviewer can check either revision.

RETAINED, dependency resolution.  Three repository declarations, covering the
depths one, two and three levels above a module's own base directory.

  arkcase-local-repo-one-level     file://${basedir}/../arkcase-lib
                                   current pom.xml:L346-L349, base commit :L236-L239
  arkcase-local-repo-two-level     file://${basedir}/../../arkcase-lib
                                   current pom.xml:L351-L354, base commit :L241-L244
  arkcase-local-repo-third-level   file://${basedir}/../../../arkcase-lib
                                   current pom.xml:L356-L359, base commit :L246-L249

  Each carries an explanatory comment.  With those comments the group spans
  pom.xml:L345-L359 currently and :L235-L249 at the base commit; the closing
  repositories element is at :L360 currently and :L250 at the base commit.

RETAINED, plugin resolution.  Four plugin-repository declarations, adding the
module's own base directory to the same three relative depths.

  arkcase-local-repo-top-level     file://${basedir}/arkcase-lib
                                   current pom.xml:L363-L366, base commit :L253-L256
  arkcase-local-repo-one-level     file://${basedir}/../arkcase-lib
                                   current pom.xml:L368-L371, base commit :L258-L261
  arkcase-local-repo-two-level     file://${basedir}/../../arkcase-lib
                                   current pom.xml:L373-L376, base commit :L263-L266
  arkcase-local-repo-third-level   file://${basedir}/../../../arkcase-lib
                                   current pom.xml:L378-L381, base commit :L268-L271

  With comments the group spans pom.xml:L362-L381 currently and :L252-L271 at the
  base commit.  A fifth plugin repository in the same block is not a file://
  declaration at all: it points at the public registry, at :L382-L385 currently and
  :L272-L275 at the base commit.  The closing plugin-repositories element is at
  :L386 currently and :L276 at the base commit.

TOTAL: seven file:// declarations, covering four distinct base-directory depths,
namely the module's own directory and one, two and three levels above it.

ASYMMETRY WORTH NOTING, measured rather than inferred: the module's own directory
appears only in the plugin-repository group.  Dependency resolution therefore
covers three of the four depths and plugin resolution covers all four.  This is
the existing shape of the declarations; nothing here changes it.


WHY FOUR DEPTHS IS DESIGN AND NOT REDUNDANCY
--------------------------------------------
The base-directory property re-evaluates for every module rather than once for the
reactor, so the four declarations are not four attempts at the same location.  They
enumerate the depths at which a module can sit, and whichever depth a module
occupies, exactly one of the four is the URL that lands on the tracked directory at
the repository root.

Verified by execution from four different module base directories rather than
reasoned about.  Each candidate path was canonicalised and compared against the
canonical path of the repository-root directory, and the one that matched is
recorded.

  MODULE BASE DIRECTORY                                  LANDS ON THE TRACKED DIRECTORY
  the repository root itself                             ${basedir}/arkcase-lib
  acm-services                                           ${basedir}/../arkcase-lib
  acm-services/acm-service-billing                       ${basedir}/../../arkcase-lib
  acm-plugins/acm-default-plugins/acm-case-file-plugin   ${basedir}/../../../arkcase-lib

MEASUREMENT CAUTION, recorded because it changes how the result must be phrased.
The test that matters is whether a candidate path lands on the tracked directory,
not merely whether something exists at that path.  A plain existence test can
report a hit for a path that has climbed out of the checkout entirely and found an
unrelated directory of the same name above it, which is exactly what happened when
the four candidates were tested from the repository root on the machine that took
this capture.  The table above is therefore stated as lands-on-the-tracked-directory
and was measured that way; it makes no claim about what else may or may not exist at
the three paths that do not match.

FAILURE SHAPE, not a defect in the declarations: a module nested at a depth that
none of the four covers would find no matching URL and would not resolve these
artefacts.  That is the shape the failure would take.  No such module exists in this
reactor, and recording the shape is not a proposal to add a fifth declaration.


THE TWO REMOVED DECLARATIONS ARE A SEPARATE MATTER
--------------------------------------------------
R-T4 requires explicit pinning and the removal of dead and plain-HTTP repository
declarations so that resolution is deterministic and reproducible.  Two declarations
in the same region of the same file were removed under it, and they must not be
conflated with the seven retained above.  Confusing the two would make it look as
though the migration deletes local repository declarations, which is precisely what
it must never do.

REMOVED, and neither is a file:// declaration.

  milton-repo         base commit pom.xml:L225-L228.  Its URL is plain HTTP, at
                      http://dl.bintray.com/milton/Milton.  The current Maven
                      baseline blocks a plain-HTTP repository outright, so
                      resolution fails with a blocked-mirror error before any
                      runtime question is reached.  The affected artefact was
                      verified to resolve from the public registry instead
  jcenter-snapshots   base commit pom.xml:L230-L234.  The host is decommissioned

Both rows, with their justifications, are in
docs/migration/dependency-change-inventory.md.

RETAINED UNTOUCHED, restated so the separation cannot be lost: the three file://
repository declarations and the whole plugin-repository block.  Counting the
file:// arkcase-lib URLs in the current root POM returns 7, so all seven survive
the change set intact.  Nothing in this note removes, edits or proposes to remove
any of them.


WHY AN UNREACHABLE LOCAL REPOSITORY BLOCKS THE FULL REACTOR BUILD
----------------------------------------------------------------
The causal chain is short and every link in it was measured.

1) The four artefacts above are not obtainable from the public registry.  The probe
   returned 404 for all four against a 200 for the control.
2) A complete reactor build therefore depends on the tracked local repository being
   present in the checkout and reachable at each module's own depth.  Presence alone
   is not enough; the URL that matches the module's depth has to land on it.
3) The billing service module consumes the payment-gateway client, and that module
   is a reactor member.  Membership was verified by walking the module graph from
   the root aggregator rather than by reading a single declaration: the aggregator
   declares acm-services at pom.xml:L311 and acm-services declares
   acm-service-billing at acm-services/pom.xml:L62.
4) An unreachable local repository therefore fails a module that the reactor must
   build, which blocks the full reactor build and with it the backend build and
   unit-test gate.

REACTOR SCALE, re-derived for this note because the chain above depends on it.

  COMMAND     find . -name pom.xml -not -path "./.git/*"
  OBSERVED    146 paths, counted

  DIVERGENCE DISCLOSED: the plan cites 145 and 145 is the correct figure for the
  repository.  The extra path is a build output, a copy of a POM left under a module
  target directory by an earlier build; it is untracked and it is not a reactor
  member.  Confirmed two ways: adding a further exclusion for any path beneath a
  target directory to the same command returns 145, and counting the tracked POMs
  with git ls-files returns 145 on this revision and 145 at the base commit.

  REACTOR MEMBERS: 142, obtained by walking every module declaration transitively
  from the root aggregator.  The three tracked POMs that are not reactor members are
  the standalone build POMs under acm-standard-applications/acm-foia,
  acm-standard-applications/acm-privacy and acm-standard-applications/arkcase.  One
  hundred and forty-two plus three is one hundred and forty-five.

THE SHAPES IN WHICH THE CONDITION CAN STILL ARISE, even though the directory is
tracked.  It is tracked, so an ordinary clone carries it; but tracked is not the
same as guaranteed to be there.
1) A sparse checkout that does not materialise the directory.
2) An export or an archive of the tree that drops it, which is easy to do because
   its contents look like a cache rather than like source.
3) A module nested at a depth that none of the four declarations covers, where the
   directory is present but no declared URL reaches it.


THE BINDING STATEMENTS
----------------------
Two of these are load-bearing and are stated first: the condition is not a migration
defect, and nothing about it may be deleted to make a build pass.  The three that
follow fence off the readings that would undo them.

IT IS NOT A MIGRATION DEFECT.  The condition is runtime-independent, and it is
identical at the JDK 8 baseline.  Each half of that is checkable rather than
asserted: the four coordinates are the same coordinates at both revisions, the same
seven declarations supply them at both revisions, and the same directory carries
them at the same 26 tracked files at both revisions.  Whether a coordinate resolves
from a public registry is a property of that registry and not of the runtime a build
executes on, so nothing about the runtime advance can create this condition, remove
it or worsen it.  It is therefore classified as an environment precondition that must
be satisfied before the backend gate can run, and never as a finding against the
migration.  That is R-7 applied as it is meant to be: the baseline is the
tie-breaker, and a condition present at the baseline is not evidence about the
change set.

Recorded honestly alongside that: the registry probe above was run on this migrated
side.  It was not re-run against the base commit, and it did not need to be, because
the coordinates it probed are byte-for-byte the same coordinates at the base commit
and the probe measures a registry rather than a build.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES MAY THE MODULE, THE DEPENDENCY, OR THE REPOSITORY
DECLARATIONS BE DELETED TO MAKE THE BUILD GREEN.  Deleting a live dependency to pass
a gate is exactly the shortcut this migration exists to prevent, and the
payment-gateway client is demonstrably live, with two files importing it.  A red
build here invites that response, which is why the constraint is written out rather
than implied.

IT IS A RESOLUTION-TIME CONDITION AND NOT A RUNTIME-ACCESS ONE.  Recorded because
the two fail in ways that can look alike in a build log.  This condition is a
dependency that cannot be fetched: it is decided before a single class is loaded, and
it is unaffected by what the platform does or does not permit a running application
to reach.  Nothing here is remedied by a module-access JVM argument, nothing here
asks for one, and the migrated production launch configuration declares none.

NOTHING IS FIXED HERE.  R-6 requires a discovered defect to be documented rather
than repaired, and this note documents.  The condition is registered in
docs/migration/pre-existing-defects.md and nothing here repairs it, proposes a
repair, or should be read as deferring one.  The change set's escape clause, which
permits a pre-existing condition to be fixed when it blocks a validation item, is
invoked exactly twice across the whole migration, and neither invocation is in this
folder.

NO DEPENDENCY OR TOOLING IS ADDED BY THIS NOTE.  R-1 puts a change without a reason
out of scope, and its contrapositive is what governs a note like this one: the four
artefacts are never removed and their declarations are never deleted, because
removal would be unrelated cleanup with no compatibility justification.  This note
is prose.  It adds no artefact, no declaration and no navigation entry.


UNCOVERED VERSUS PASSED VERSUS FAILED - THE DISTINCTION R-5 DEPENDS ON
---------------------------------------------------------------------
R-5 forbids disabling a failing test and confines exclusions to failures already
present at the baseline.  That second clause is only enforceable if three states are
kept apart, because the register that any exclusion must cite,
docs/migration/baseline-test-failures.md, classifies rows against exactly these
definitions.  They are given here so that the register and this capture cannot drift
apart on what a word means.

  PASSED     the module was built, its unit suites ran, and they succeeded.  There
             is an archived report for it and that report records no failure and no
             error
  FAILED     the module was built, its unit suites ran, and one or more failed.
             There is an archived report for it and that report records the failure.
             A failure in this state is a real, reproducible failure, and it is the
             only state that is eligible to be registered as a baseline failure
  UNCOVERED  the module was never reached, so its suites never ran and nothing was
             observed about it either way.  There is no archived report for it, and
             the absence records the absence of an observation, not an outcome

THE BINDING CONSEQUENCE.  An uncovered module is not a baseline failure and may
never be cited to justify a test exclusion.  Absence of evidence is not evidence of
a failure.  Conflating the two would let a build that never ran a module claim the
module's tests were already failing, and that is precisely the evasion R-5 exists to
prevent: the exclusion would look justified, the citation would resolve to a real
document, and no test would ever have been observed to fail.  The rule survives only
if the citation has to resolve to an observed failure.


MODULES UNCOVERED ON THIS MIGRATED RUN
--------------------------------------
UNCOVERED-MODULES: none.  Stated positively rather than left implicit: on this
migrated run no module was left unreached, so there is no uncovered module and there
is no entry to list.

That is asserted from the archived reports and from the reactor's own test corpus,
never from a build log summary line and never from a process exit status, which is
what R-T7 requires.  The measurement was a set comparison, because a count alone
could hide an offsetting pair.

  MEASURED    the set of modules holding at least one unit suite the runner is
              eligible to select, determined by reading the test trees: a class whose
              name matches the runner's default include patterns and which actually
              declares a test, either through a test annotation, a runner annotation
              or the legacy base class
  OBSERVED    67 modules
  MEASURED    the set of module directories present in ../surefire/
  OBSERVED    67 directories
  RESULT      the two sets are identical.  Not merely the same size: a directory
              comparison of the two lists reports no entry on either side alone

  ARCHIVE TALLY, read out of the reports themselves by parsing every one of them
  rather than from any summary: 285 suites, 951 tests, 3 failures, 1 error, 21
  skipped.  Exactly two suites carry a non-zero failure or error count, one under
  the acm-service-compress-folder module directory and one under acm-service-ecm;
  the remaining 283 carry neither.  Which of those outcomes is an accepted baseline
  condition and which would be a regression is decided by
  docs/migration/baseline-test-failures.md and not here.


A FOURTH STATE THAT MUST NOT BE MISTAKEN FOR ANY OF THE THREE
-------------------------------------------------------------
Ten module test trees hold no archived unit report, and none of the ten is uncovered
in the sense defined above.  They were reached and the runner ran; there was simply
nothing in them for a unit runner to select.  The state is worth naming because a
reader who sees no report and reaches for the word uncovered will reach the wrong
conclusion about what was observed.

  NO-ELIGIBLE-SUITE  the module was built and the unit runner ran, and the module's
                     test tree holds no class the unit runner is eligible to select.
                     No report is written because there was no unit suite to report
                     on, not because the module was skipped or lost

THE TEN, listed in full so the boundary is auditable rather than approximate.  Every
file in every one of the ten was opened for this note.

  acm-plugins/acm-default-plugins/acm-category-plugin
  acm-services/acm-service-participants
  acm-services/acm-service-protect-url
  acm-services/acm-service-sequence-manager
  acm-standard-applications/arkcase
  acm-tool-integrations/acm-activemq-configuration
  acm-tool-integrations/acm-ephesoft
  acm-tool-integrations/acm-files-property-file-manager
  acm-tool-integrations/acm-spring-context-holder
  acm-tool-integrations/acm-spring-data-source

WHY EACH IS ABSENT, and it is the same benign reason in all ten.  Their tests are
integration classes, which the integration-test runner executes in the
integration-test phase of the same build and which emit their own reports, so they
are correctly absent from a unit-report archive.  The only other files in those trees are five support classes, a queue
listener, an entity and three entity listeners, none of which declares a test method
at all, and which the unit runner correctly declines to run even though their names
match an include pattern.  Nothing was skipped, excluded or lost to reach this
boundary.

WHATEVER THE LABEL, THE CONSEQUENCE IS THE SAME.  Absence of a report never licenses
an exclusion, in this state or in the uncovered state.  A reviewer who prefers the
register's broader reading of uncovered, which is that the archive holds no report at
all, will find the same ten modules there and the same disqualification applied to
them.  The two documents agree on the set and on the consequence; this note simply
separates never reached from nothing eligible, because only the first is a coverage
gap and neither is a failure.

TEST-SOURCE-BEARING TREES, for the arithmetic: 77 in this tree, of which 67 hold an
eligible unit suite and 10 do not.  Sixty-seven plus ten is seventy-seven.  The base
commit has 76, one fewer, because one module's test tree does not exist there at all.

  COVERED-MODULE-DIRECTORIES-THIS-CAPTURE   67
  COVERED-MODULE-DIRECTORIES-BASELINE       66
  DIFFERENCE                                ark-angular-starter, present on this side
                                            only.  Its test tree does not exist at the
                                            base commit, verified by listing the base
                                            commit's tracked files, so it is an
                                            addition and not a baseline module that
                                            stopped being covered

  NOTE ON A SIBLING FIGURE: the baseline-failure register states that the migrated
  archive covers exactly the same 66 modules as the baseline archive.  The measured
  figure on this side is 67, and the difference is the single addition named above,
  so the two statements describe the same fact from two directions: every one of the
  baseline's 66 is covered here, and one further module is covered here that has no
  baseline counterpart to cover.  The measured figure is published so the delta is
  visible rather than silently contradicted.


NO TEST WAS EXCLUDED, DISABLED OR IGNORED ON ACCOUNT OF ANY OF THIS
-------------------------------------------------------------------
Nothing in this note caused a test to be removed from the run, and nothing in it may
be cited to remove one later.  The pinned unit-runner declaration in the root POM
carries a group identifier, an artefact identifier and a version and nothing else:
there is no configuration element in it, and therefore no excludes element and no
literal fork-argument element either.  It ships with zero exclusions, and the state
this note describes justifies none.

That is deliberate on both counts.  An exclusion would have to cite a row in
docs/migration/baseline-test-failures.md, and no row here could be cited for it
because nothing here is an observed failure.  A literal fork-argument element would
sever the coverage agent's own argument export and leave the coverage check
evaluating an empty data set, which would report a pass while measuring nothing.


WHAT THIS NOTE BOUNDS, AND WHAT IT DOES NOT DECIDE
--------------------------------------------------
BOUNDED: the completeness of the sibling ../surefire/ archive.  That archive holds a
per-module report only for a module that was actually reached and in which a unit
suite was actually eligible.  Its completeness is asserted from the archived XML that
is present, by set comparison against the reactor's own corpus, and never from an
exit status or a log summary.  On this capture the archive is complete against that
corpus: no module with an eligible unit suite is missing from it, and the ten modules
absent from it are absent for the documented reason above rather than by loss.  An
archive that is silently short is worse than one declared short, which is why the
boundary is declared here even though the set of uncovered modules turns out to be
empty.

NOT DECIDED HERE: whether any individual test passed, whether the capture as a whole
is complete, and whether the precondition was satisfied on any other run.  The
per-suite outcome is in the archived reports; the capture-level verdict is in
notes/completeness.txt beside this file; the suite-by-suite pairing between the two
sides is in notes/surefire-pairing.txt; and the provenance of the archive itself is in
../surefire/run-provenance.txt with an integrity manifest beside it.  Keeping the
verdict in one place is deliberate: two copies of a verdict drift apart, and a reader
cannot then tell which is current.


CROSS-REFERENCES
----------------
docs/migration/baseline-test-failures.md
  the register whose rows any test exclusion must cite, and which depends on the
  three-way distinction defined above
docs/migration/pre-existing-defects.md
  where this precondition is registered, alongside the four dead dependencies it is
  contrasted with, and where the decision to document rather than repair is recorded
docs/migration/dependency-change-inventory.md
  where the two removed dead repository declarations are justified, including the
  plain-HTTP one and the blocked-mirror failure that makes its removal a prerequisite
../surefire/
  the sibling archive whose completeness this note bounds, with its own provenance
  and integrity manifest inside it


MIRROR OBLIGATION
-----------------
This note is paired with a counterpart at the identical filename on the other side,
docs/migration/smoke-evidence/baseline/notes/03-environment-precondition.txt.  The two
notes folders mirror one another one-for-one so that a recursive diff of the baseline
and migrated capture directories is mechanical.  For this filename that diff is
expected to report a CONTENT difference and never a structural one: the file must be
present on both sides, and no counterpart may be missing.  The filenames are therefore
fixed and match character for character; a rename on either side would turn a content
difference into a structural one and break the comparison for every reader who runs
that diff.

