corpus figures, measured at run time by this script
repository-root-examined: <REPO-ROOT>
measurement-basis: tracked paths enumerated by git ls-files, so no untracked tree beneath the repository root - a scratch checkout, an extracted archive, a dependency cache, a build copy, a deployment home - can move a corpus figure in either direction
tracked-paths-enumerated: 7432

why-the-basis-is-the-tracked-set-and-not-a-walk: a corpus figure is a
  statement about what this repository contains, and a walk of the
  working tree cannot make that statement.  It reports the corpus plus
  every copy of it the environment happens to be carrying.  Pruning by
  DIRECTORY NAME -- target node_modules .git blitzy_adhoc_test_* -- only excludes a
  directory somebody thought to name, and it was defeated twice: once by
  a scratch checkout of the base commit, which put seven main-source hits
  into the static audit gate that are not in this repository, and once
  here, where a package-manager cache under a deployment home contributed
  a textual rule file to a figure whose stated expectation is zero.  git
  ls-files answers the question actually being asked, and an untracked
  tree is untracked whatever it is called.

second-measurement-published-beside-each-figure: the same count taken by
  the working-tree walk.  It is a DIAGNOSTIC, never the corpus size.  Where
  it exceeds the tracked figure, the excess is untracked material in this
  validation environment -- build copies, scratch checkouts, configuration
  clones, dependency caches -- and the gap is shown rather than hidden,
  because the gap is the evidence that the basis matters.

command: git ls-files, base name matched against 'drools-*.xlsx'
measured-drools-xlsx-decision-tables: 39
same-figure-over-the-working-tree-walk: 192
verified-figure-at-base-commit: 39
migration-plan-figure: 43
delta-explanation: the plan counted three .xls files and one spreadsheet
  test fixture alongside the 39 live .xlsx decision tables.  This script
  publishes what it measures and states the plan figure beside it so the
  difference is visible rather than silently contradicted.
command: git ls-files, base name matched against 'drools-*.xls'
measured-drools-xls-files: 0
same-figure-over-the-working-tree-walk: 0

command: git ls-files, base name matched against '*.drl'
measured-textual-rule-files: 0
same-figure-over-the-working-tree-walk: 1
expected: 0 — the rule surface is entirely in the decision tables

command: git ls-files, base name matched against '*.bpmn*'
measured-process-definitions: 36
same-figure-over-the-working-tree-walk: 108
expected: 36 — flow 7 expects the engine to load all of them

command: find <frontend-resources> <prune above> -name '*.spec.js' -type f | wc -l
measured-frontend-spec-files: 0
frontend-basis: the walk, deliberately.  The frontend figure is a question
  about a build tree on disk, which may legitimately be untracked output,
  so the tracked set is the wrong instrument for it.
expected: 0 — with no frontend specs, the five artifact digests are the
  only available behavioural evidence for the frontend, which is why they
  are captured under artifacts/
