directory-service and JNDI evidence for flow 1

produced-by: docs/migration/smoke-evidence/smoke-checks.sh, capture_ldap_jndi_environment

OBSERVED AT RUN TIME by this capture:
  directory-configuration-endpoint: /api/latest/plugin/admin/ldapconfiguration/directories
  directory-configuration-status-observed: 200
  configured-directory-named-in-that-response: yes
  directory-under-observation: arkcase
  per-directory-registry-status-observed: 200
  directory-resolved-by-the-registry: yes
  context-source-startup-region-matched-lines: 28
  context-source-startup-region: startup/ldap-context-source.log

READ FROM DELIVERED CONFIGURATION by this capture, which is a weaker claim
  than the rows above and is separated from them for that reason:
  properties-file: acm-services/acm-service-login/src/main/resources/spring/ldap-jndi.properties
  properties-file-state: present
  properties-file-sha256: 7c245a56731dab68ac166de2ec47dc22842fdd2611c7d29b8316598d95ba3e67
  ldap.jndi.initialContextFactory: com.sun.jndi.ldap.LdapCtxFactory
  ldap.jndi.connectionPoolFlag: com.sun.jndi.ldap.connect.pool

WHAT THE TWO VALUES ARE, and why they are compared literally.  The naming
  service matches an initial context factory by EXACT CLASS NAME and a
  connection-pooling request by EXACT PROPERTY KEY.  It recognises no
  variation, no abbreviation and no reassembled equivalent, so either value
  differing by one character changes directory authentication behaviour.
  Both are byte-identical to the constants they replaced in Java source at
  the base commit, and this capture asserts them character for character
  rather than pattern-matching them.

WHY THIS LEDGER EXISTS.  An earlier revision of flow 1 made three
  credentialed requests and asserted an authenticated 200, a denied
  anonymous request and a confirmed principal.  All three are necessary and
  none of them reaches the directory service: the same three observations
  appear on a deployment configured for a token-based provider, where no
  directory service participates at all.  The flow was therefore named for
  a migration edit it never touched.  The rows above close that, in four
  independent ways — a live directory list, a directory the registry
  resolved, the context source observed being constructed, and the two
  externalised values read from the file the migrated class falls back to.

CREDENTIAL HANDLING.  The directory-configuration response carries a bind
  credential.  It is redacted before any byte is written, by the pipeline
  whose every rule class is self-tested against a synthetic probe in
  notes/06-normalisation-and-redaction.txt, and whose redaction of the
  CONFIGURED credential is proven before the first capture file is opened.
  No credential value appears in this file or in any capture file, in any
  form.

ASSERTION SCOPE.  Every one of the run-time rows above was asserted against
  the SCOPED body of its own probe section in flow-1-login.out,
  never against the capture file as a whole.  That distinction is not
  pedantic here: this capture own prose names the directory and both JNDI
  values, so a whole-file search would have been satisfied by text this
  script wrote rather than by anything the application returned.

scope fence: this ledger adds no tooling and no dependency.  It records two
  additional credentialed observations, one additional startup region and
  one configuration read.  Nothing here may be read as a pass mark; the
  flow verdict is in flow-1-login.result.txt and the cross-capture outcome
  in comparison.txt.
