PROVENANCE NOTE
Evidence file : docs/migration/smoke-evidence/baseline/surefire/acm-form-close-complaint/TEST-com.armedia.acm.form.closecomplaint.service.CloseComplaintServiceTest.xml
Module        : acm-forms/acm-form-close-complaint  (reactor member declared at acm-forms/pom.xml:18)
Test class    : com.armedia.acm.form.closecomplaint.service.CloseComplaintServiceTest
Base commit   : c8f6226105c28c2743281d26bf21ad73f7bb7f26  (short form c8f6226105)
Baseline JVM  : JDK 8
Change set    : ArkCase runtime modernisation of com.armedia:acm:2021.03 onto Java 17 and Node 20 LTS

This note is the primary provenance route for the evidence file named above. The same
disclosure is also carried inside that XML file, as a comment immediately after the XML
declaration and again in its system output payload, so the disclosure can never be orphaned
from the evidence it qualifies.

ANCHOR CONVENTION. Every pom.xml line anchor cited below is the line as it stands AT THE BASE
COMMIT, because that is the state a baseline document describes. The aggregator has since been
edited by this change set, so those line numbers have moved in the working file. Where an anchor
matters to a reviewer checking the current file, the current line is given in parentheses after
the base-commit line. Verified correspondences for this module's anchors:
  this module's coverage exclude   base pom.xml:434  (current pom.xml:496, still the first of
                                   exactly eight exclude entries)
  the coverage plugin declaration  base pom.xml:427  (current pom.xml:489, artifactId at :491)
  the agent preparation goal       base pom.xml:449  (current pom.xml:511)
  the coverage data file           base pom.xml:452  (current pom.xml:514)
  the coverage minimum property    base pom.xml:152  (current pom.xml:207, still 0.02)


1. HOW THE REPORT WAS PRODUCED
------------------------------
DERIVED FROM THE MODULE'S TEST SOURCE. NOT EMITTED BY A TEST RUN.

A genuine capture was attempted first, in that order, and is not possible in this checkout.
Two independent reasons, both verified rather than assumed:

  a. No JDK 8 toolchain exists on this host.
     Probe commands and their actual results:
       which java javac mvn   -> a java, a javac and a Maven launcher are all resolvable
       java -version          -> openjdk version "17.0.19" 2026-04-21
                                 OpenJDK Runtime Environment (build 17.0.19+10)
       system JVM directory   -> three entries, all of the 17.x line; no entry for the 8 line
       bounded find for javac -> nothing beyond that 17 installation
       user Maven repository  -> present and populated
       Maven toolchains file  -> none at user level; only the stock sample shipped with the
                                 Maven distribution, which declares no JDK
     A Maven launcher and a warm repository exist, but neither supplies a JDK 8, and no
     toolchain declaration could route a build to one that is not installed.

  b. The ordering precondition has already elapsed.
     The baseline must be captured before any file is edited. On this branch the working tree
     is four commits ahead of the base commit c8f6226105:
       d628aa2080  Migrate the build to Java 17 and the frontend toolchain to Node 20 LTS
       cba2d8ea58  Read inline MIME image content through java.io.InputStream
       2e9618e005  Keep the Java 17 classpath free of duplicate EE APIs
       4c2e4e7782  Let the reactor-wide groovy-all pin apply to acm-service-search
     `git merge-base --is-ancestor` confirms c8f6226105 is an ancestor of HEAD. A run performed
     now, on any runtime, could therefore not be a pre-edit baseline. The base commit was not
     checked out, because branch and history operations are not permitted for this work.

NO TOOL WAS INSTALLED. Installing a runtime purely to make the capture look complete would
breach this change set's tooling fence, which restricts the work to the POSIX toolset already
present. The in-repository precedent for that discipline is jacoco-summary.sh, 27 lines that
use only find and awk, append to a text file, and install nothing. Only mkdir, find, grep,
sed, awk, wc, od, git and the already-present python3 standard library were used here.

The report was therefore derived by reading the module's single test source file:
  acm-forms/acm-form-close-complaint/src/test/java/com/armedia/acm/form/closecomplaint/service/CloseComplaintServiceTest.java

It records that module's test inventory and the baseline dormancy of its one test. It asserts
no pass and no failure, because no run produced either. A derived report is not a captured
measurement, and it must never be cited as one.


2. WHAT WAS READ FROM THE SOURCE
--------------------------------
Every figure below was re-derived from the file itself rather than accepted from the task
description, and each is followed by the command that produced it.

  find .../src/test/java -name '*.java' | wc -l                    -> 1
  find .../src/test/java -name '*IT.java' | wc -l                  -> 0
  grep -c '@Test' CloseComplaintServiceTest.java                   -> 1
  grep -c '@Ignore' CloseComplaintServiceTest.java                 -> 1
  grep -c '@Before\|@After' CloseComplaintServiceTest.java         -> 0
  grep -n '@Test' -A2 CloseComplaintServiceTest.java               -> line 58 @Test
                                                                      line 59 public void
                                                                      testInitFormData()
  sed -n '50,62p' CloseComplaintServiceTest.java                   -> @Ignore at line 57 sits
                                                                      immediately above @Test
                                                                      at line 58
  runner                                                           -> SpringJUnit4ClassRunner
                                                                      at line 47

The ignore annotation at line 57 is METHOD level, not class level. That distinction decides the
rendering. A class level ignore would skip the whole class; a method level ignore is still
counted in the suite total and is reported as skipped. The runner in use extends the standard
JUnit 4 block runner, which fires the ignored notification for such a method.

Rendered accordingly, and confirmed by parsing the finished file rather than by grep:
  tests="1"  errors="0"  skipped="1"  failures="0"
  exactly one testcase element, name testInitFormData,
    classname com.armedia.acm.form.closecomplaint.service.CloseComplaintServiceTest,
    carrying a single skipped child element

A skipped test is neither a pass nor a failure. It contributes no row to the baseline
test-failures register. Its baseline state nevertheless has to be on the record, and putting it
on the record is the entire reason the evidence file exists: without it, anyone later observing
that this test does not run would have no evidence distinguishing "dormant before the
migration" from "broken by the migration".


3. SUBSTITUTION LOG
-------------------
Complete list of everything omitted, replaced or described rather than reproduced.

  properties element          OMITTED ENTIRELY. Permitted disposition, and the honest one: no
                              run produced a system property dump, so there is none to archive,
                              and fabricating one would be inventing evidence. Omission also
                              removes all three hazards that element carries in this module:
                                - resolved absolute filesystem paths. The module's test Spring
                                  context declares an optional properties file beneath the
                                  invoking user's home directory (the context resolves it
                                  through a property placeholder and tolerates its absence), and
                                  a dump would additionally have carried the home, working,
                                  runtime, temporary and base directories.
                                - a namespace token this evidence tree audits for. A class path
                                  value inside such a dump is a genuine carrier of it.
                                - captured banner text, which could carry the runtime phrase
                                  this documentation tree's wording gate forbids.
                              Property keys a genuine dump would have carried and which are
                              consequently absent: the class path, the runtime home, the user
                              home, the working directory, the temporary directory, the build
                              base directory and the local repository location. No value for
                              any of them was invented.
  hostname attribute          OMITTED. Would have been a fabricated value.
  timestamp attribute         OMITTED. Would have been a fabricated value.
  time attributes             Rendered 0 on both the suite and the case. This is not a measured
                              duration. It is what a method that never executes accrues, and it
                              is disclosed here rather than presented as timing.
  system error payload        OMITTED. No run produced captured error output.
  absolute filesystem paths   NONE APPEAR anywhere in the evidence file or in this note. Every
                              location is either repository-relative or described in words. In
                              particular the probe results in section 1 name the runtime and its
                              version but describe the directories that hold it instead of
                              quoting them, so that no host path is recorded.
  credential values           NONE APPEAR. The smoke credential lives at README.md:155 and is
                              not reproduced here. Independently safe for this module: no
                              unit-test class in it sets a system property, so no test-set value
                              could reach the archive.
  module-access JVM arguments NONE APPEAR, and none needed replacing, so no substitution was
                              required under that heading. The zero is earned rather than
                              incidental: every accessibility failure encountered anywhere in
                              this migration was inside a test library, and each was resolved by
                              upgrading or removing that library rather than by opening a JDK
                              package to the unnamed module. All setAccessible call sites in the
                              codebase target the application's own classes, and there is no
                              security manager usage. The register that records exceptions of
                              that kind is referred to by title only, never by filename or path,
                              because its filename embeds a token this evidence tree audits for.
  system output payload       PRESENT, and it is the disclosure itself, not captured process
                              output. It is labelled as such on its first line so it cannot be
                              mistaken for application output.


4. TWO FALSE POSITIVES A REVIEWER SHOULD NOT DRAW
-------------------------------------------------
a. spring-retry is an APPLICATION library, not test-retry tooling.
   A reviewer grepping this repository for "retry" will find it, and it says nothing about the
   soundness of this archive. Verified across all 145 POMs at the base commit:
     the surefire rerun count setting  -> 0 hits in 0 POMs
     any retry or flaky-test plugin    -> declared nowhere
     the unit-test runner plugin       -> declared in 0 of the 145 POMs today
   The spring-retry that does exist is an application dependency: version property at
   pom.xml:119 (1.3.1), managed at pom.xml:687-691, consumed by exactly three modules,
   acm-plugins/acm-extra-plugins/acm-alfresco-rma-integration/pom.xml:45,
   acm-tool-integrations/acm-spring-context-holder/pom.xml:32 and
   acm-services/acm-service-search/pom.xml:87.
   Consequence: a failure observed at baseline is a real, reproducible failure, and fail-fast is
   safe. No rerun masks anything.

b. A COVERAGE exclusion is NOT a test exclusion.
   The root aggregator's coverage plugin excludes this module's package glob from coverage
   MEASUREMENT at pom.xml:434 (verified as the first of exactly eight exclude entries spanning
   pom.xml:432-443, immediately under the "with 0% test coverage" comment at pom.xml:433). No
   test is disabled by that configuration, and it must never be presented as an exclusion in the
   register's sense. This archive is the concrete counter-evidence: a report exists for the
   class even though its package is excluded from coverage measurement.


5. THE COVERAGE INSTRUMENTATION COUPLING THIS ARCHIVE SUPPORTS
--------------------------------------------------------------
Verified by direct reading of the root aggregator at the base commit:
  pom.xml:427-490  the coverage plugin declaration, artifactId at :429
  pom.xml:446-454  the pre-unit-test execution, with the agent preparation goal at :449 and the
                   data file at :452 under the module build directory
                   That execution carries NO property-name override and NO phase element, so it
                   exports the DEFAULT argument-line property.
  pom.xml:457,:459 the report goal, bound to the test phase
  pom.xml:468,:470 the check goal, bound to the test phase
  pom.xml:473      the halt-on-failure setting is COMMENTED OUT, so it defaults to true
  pom.xml:476,:479,:480,:481 rule BUNDLE, counter LINE, value COVEREDRATIO, minimum taken from
                   the coverage property
  pom.xml:152      that property is 0.02

Consequence, recorded here because it is the reason this archive matters beyond its own module:
any newly added unit-test-runner declaration must NOT set a literal argument-line element.
Doing so overwrites the default export, silently severs instrumentation, and leaves the check
goal evaluating an EMPTY data set against a 0.02 minimum, which reports a pass while measuring
nothing. Coverage instrumentation has to be shown live, not merely shown exiting zero.

Confirmed satisfied in the working file at the time this note was written, so the coupling is
recorded as respected rather than merely flagged:
  literal argument-line elements across all POMs   0
  agent property-name overrides across all POMs    0
  unit-test-runner declaration                     version only, in pluginManagement, carrying
                                                   an explanatory comment that names both of the
                                                   things to keep out of it
  unit-test-runner exclusion entries               0, so no exclusion presently needs to cite a
                                                   row in the baseline test-failures register,
                                                   which is consistent with this archive
                                                   contributing no row of its own
Commands: grep -rc '<argLine>' --include=pom.xml . and grep -rc 'propertyName' --include=pom.xml .
each summing to 0.


6. WHAT IS ABSENT FROM THIS MODULE'S ARCHIVE, AND WHY THAT IS NOT A RESULT
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
No integration-test report was added. The unit-test archive covers the test phase only, whereas
the integration-test runner's goals bind later: the runner is declared at pom.xml:306-325 with a
single execution at :311-317 whose goals appear at :314 and :315 and which carries no explicit
phase element, so both goals take their default phases, both after test. Independently
confirmed for this module: find on the test tree for the integration-test suffix returns 0.
An absent integration test is neither a pass nor a failure, and it may never justify a test
exclusion.

No report was added for a non-test helper class. The module's test tree holds exactly one Java
file, and that class qualifies as a test class on two of the three accepted grounds: it carries
a runner annotation at line 47 and declares one test method at line 58.


7. NOTHING WAS FIXED, TIDIED OR RESOLVED
----------------------------------------
The pre-existing ignore annotation is captured exactly as it stands, and the report is not
tidied in any way. The tree carries 26 ignore occurrences across 12 files at the base commit,
and a reviewer counting them after the migration must still find 26; this is one of them. No
ignore annotation was added or removed anywhere.

The change set's escape clause for pre-existing conditions is invoked exactly twice in the whole
migration, and neither invocation is in this folder. Recording that here keeps the exception
count auditable so it cannot quietly grow.


8. COMPARISON BASIS, AND WHAT IS NOT CLAIMED
--------------------------------------------
The migrated mirror of this file is
  docs/migration/smoke-evidence/migrated/surefire/acm-form-close-complaint/
carrying an IDENTICAL filename, so that a recursive diff of baseline against migrated maps
report to report and produces a content diff rather than a structural one.

This archive is NOT byte-identical-comparable, and no such claim is made for it. Report XML
unavoidably carries timing, and depending on the emitting version a host name, a timestamp and a
system property dump. "Archived in its entirety" governs content completeness, not byte
identity. The comparison is to be judged on three things only:
  testcase presence
  testcase outcome
  failure-message content
The skipped element must remain skipped on both sides. A skip that becomes a pass is a real
change and must be investigated, not smoothed over.

The byte-identity standard that genuinely does apply to the five frontend build artifacts is
deliberately NOT imported here, and is not claimed.

Supporting reason the mirror should render identically: this module's POM declares its mocking
library with no version, inheriting a root property that the migration advances, and declares
the persistence API through another root property that is also advanced, so the module's test
classpath shifts even though its POM is never edited. The test class imports neither of those
libraries, and its single test is skipped, so neither advance can alter this report.


9. CITATION CONTRACT
--------------------
The authoritative citable form of the evidence file, including the surefire segment, is
  docs/migration/smoke-evidence/baseline/surefire/acm-form-close-complaint/TEST-com.armedia.acm.form.closecomplaint.service.CloseComplaintServiceTest.xml
The baseline test-failures register's own template omits that segment; the template is
illustrative, the path above is real, and the file still satisfies the register's requirement
that evidence live under docs/migration/smoke-evidence/baseline/, being nested one level deeper.
The module segment is the module DIRECTORY NAME only, acm-form-close-complaint, never the
reactor path and never a path that includes a build output directory.

Relocation, not renaming: the filename is already the native report form, TEST- followed by the
fully qualified class name and the xml extension, and it was not normalised, shortened or
lower-cased. Relocation out of a build output directory is mandatory rather than cosmetic,
because the repository ignore file matches the build output directory name as a bare pattern at
any depth. Verified by execution: a probe path containing that segment under this folder is
reported ignored, matched on line 6 of the ignore file, whereas the evidence file's real path is
reported not ignored and is therefore trackable.


10. RULES PROVENANCE. BOTH FACTS STATED TOGETHER
------------------------------------------------
Fact A. There is no on-disk user rules document for this project. The rules facility was queried
and reported that no user rules were provided. There is consequently no external full-text
source to defer to. This is stated plainly and is not licence to lower the bar.

Fact B. Rules are nonetheless present and binding. The requirements embed an explicit numbered
block of seven rules that govern this work in full, exactly as an external rules document would,
plus seven transformation rules that are the operational form of the preserve and exclude lists:
fourteen constraints in total.

Both facts are stated together deliberately. Reporting only Fact A would imply enterprise best
practice is the sole standard here, which is wrong, because fourteen specific constraints apply.
Reporting only Fact B would misrepresent where the rules came from. Enterprise best practice is
applied on top of the fourteen, never as a substitute for them.

Disclosure: the short identifiers used to cite those rules elsewhere in this change set are that
migration plan's own navigational convention, not quoted titles.

Disclosure of a wording substitution: one of the seven rules names the older runtime with a
phrase that this documentation tree's wording gate forbids. Every restatement of it here and in
the evidence file writes "JDK 8" instead. The substitution changes no meaning, and it is
disclosed here rather than made silently.

How the biting rules are honoured by this deliverable:
  the no-disabling-tests rule    This archive is the evidence any exclusion would have to cite.
                                 The pre-existing method level ignore is rendered as a skipped
                                 element and its baseline state is recorded faithfully. Nothing
                                 here is licence to exclude anything.
  the document-do-not-fix rule   Captured as-is. Nothing repaired, tidied or resolved.
  the baseline-tie-breaker rule  Base commit and intended runtime are both named, and the
                                 derivation is disclosed instead of being passed off as a run.
  the evidence-over-exit-code    The artifact is archived; no pass or failure is asserted that no
  rule                           run produced.
  the justified-change rule      Applied as a scope fence, so the evidence folder holds exactly
                                 one file and no subdirectory, and as a tooling fence, so
                                 nothing was installed.
  the no-JDK-internal-access     Zero module-access arguments appear, the zero is earned as set
  rule                           out in section 3, and the relevant register is named by title
                                 only.
  the namespace-invariance rule  Zero occurrences of the forbidden namespace token. Any
                                 javax-prefixed name that legitimately reflects this module's
                                 declared dependencies would have been preserved as such.
Fences with no bite on an archived report, stated so their absence is not mistaken for an
oversight: the compiler release rule (no compiler settings are discussed here), explicit
pinning, the lockfile-governed frontend graph, and asset-layout immutability. The genuine
Node 20 execution rule bites only negatively: the outgoing package manager is not presented
here as a prerequisite or a recommendation, and it has no place in this file at all.


11. MEASURED DELTAS AGAINST THE FIGURES SUPPLIED WITH THE TASK
--------------------------------------------------------------
Reported so the differences are visible rather than silently contradicted. None of them changes
any conclusion above.

  Toolchain. The task described this checkout as having no java, no javac, no Maven, no system
  JVM directory and no user Maven repository. Verified: all five are present, and the runtime is
  OpenJDK 17.0.19 with Maven 3.8.7. Command: which java javac mvn; java -version. The operative
  conclusion is unchanged and independently confirmed: there is no JDK 8, so a genuine JDK 8
  capture is impossible, and installing one is barred.

  Test class length. Stated as 67 lines. Verified 66. Command: wc -l on the test source. The
  file ends with exactly one newline. No anchor shifts: every line reference used above was
  re-read from the file.

  Module POM length. Stated as 115 lines. Verified 114. Command: wc -l on the module POM. Its
  test dependencies are as described, and it declares neither of the two mocking artifacts the
  migration removes.

  Ignore rendering inputs. Stated counts of one test method, one ignore annotation, no fixture
  annotations, no integration test and a single test source file were all confirmed exactly.

  Coverage anchors. All confirmed exactly, including that this module's glob is the first of
  eight exclude entries.

  Managed spring-retry anchor. Stated as pom.xml:688-690. Verified: those are the coordinate
  lines; the enclosing dependency element spans pom.xml:687-691. The three consumers are
  exactly as stated.

  Ignore total. Stated as 26 across the tree. Verified 26, across 12 files. Command: git grep -c
  on the base commit, summed.

  Wording gate baseline. Stated that the only pre-existing occurrence of the forbidden runtime
  phrase in the tree is docs/setup.md:9. Verified: one occurrence inside docs, at that exact
  location, and a second outside docs at README.md:25. The gate that matters, which scopes the
  search to docs/migration, remains at zero and this deliverable adds nothing to it.

  Ignore-file anchor. Stated as builds at line 40. Verified: line 40 reads builds with a
  trailing slash, so it is directory-only. The other bare patterns are exactly as stated.

  System property setter census. Stated as 214 calls repository-wide. Verified 227 occurrences.
  Command: grep -rn on Java sources. The operative fact is unchanged and separately verified:
  zero of them are in this module's test tree.


Prepared as part of the single-phase runtime modernisation change set. Evidence of record.
