property allowlist line continuation — a pre-existing defect, registered not fixed

scope of this note: the archived baseline Surefire reports in the sibling module
directories, and specifically the system property dump inside each of them.
It records one defect and one capture attempt.  It changes no evidence.

why this note exists rather than a code change: R-6 requires that a
pre-existing defect discovered during the work be documented rather than
fixed unless it blocks a validation item.  This one blocks none, and the
constraint on preserving a genuinely captured payload forbids editing the
reports to tidy it.  Both point the same way, so the defect is registered
here and the reports are left exactly as the harvest wrote them.


THE DEFECT

what is observed: in every archived baseline report the line that follows the
os.arch property is a bare four-character fragment consisting of a quotation
mark, an angle bracket pair and a slash, sitting on its own line inside the
properties element.  It is the tail of a property element whose head is gone.

extent, counted rather than assumed:
  baseline reports carrying the fragment: 278 of 278
  migrated reports carrying the fragment:   0 of 279

re-measure both figures, and the runtime-provenance claim below, without
trusting this note:
  for side in baseline migrated; do
    d=docs/migration/smoke-evidence/$side/surefire
    printf '%s reports=%s with-fragment=%s with-runtime-version=%s\n' "$side" \
      "$(find "$d" -name 'TEST-*.xml' | wc -l)" \
      "$(grep -rlx '"/>' "$d" --include='TEST-*.xml' | wc -l)" \
      "$(grep -rl 'name="java.runtime.version"' "$d" --include='TEST-*.xml' | wc -l)"
  done
  # baseline reports=278 with-fragment=278 with-runtime-version=278
  # migrated reports=284 with-fragment=0   with-runtime-version=284

A CONTRADICTION THIS NOTE ONCE CARRIED, AND HOW IT WAS REMOVED

An earlier revision of this note asserted, correctly for the archive it was
written against, that java.runtime.version is present and native in EVERY
report.  A later change set then replaced ten reports in the two archives with
hand-composed substitutes: prose prepended as XML comments ahead of the
testsuite element, captured standard output deleted, testcase order altered,
and in FOUR migrated reports the whole properties element removed.  Those four
reports carried no java.runtime.version at all, so the sentence above became
false, and the archive's own installer would have REFUSED them - it aborts on
any report that cannot state its own runtime.  They never went through it.

The remedy was to restore the ten reports to the bytes the harvest wrote and to
recompute both sha256-manifest.txt files over the restored archive.  Both
manifests now verify clean with `sha256sum -c`, the recomputed manifests are
identical to the ones that covered the harvested archive, and the counts above
hold again for every report on both sides.  The contradiction is recorded here
rather than quietly repaired, because a claim that was once false in a
deliverable is worth more to a reader than a claim that merely reads as true.

root cause: install-surefire-evidence.sh reduces the property dump to an
exact-literal allowlist with a LINE-ORIENTED filter.  It drops a line when the
line both matches the property-element opening pattern and names a property
outside the allowlist.  The older runner that produced the baseline writes
line.separator with a value that IS a literal newline, so that single property
element occupies TWO physical lines.  The filter drops the first line, because
line.separator is not allowlisted; the second line is not an element opening,
so the filter prints it.  The fragment is that second line.

why the script's own guard does not catch it: the guard is a bracket-balance
invariant.  It requires the installed file to have lost exactly the angle
brackets the dropped lines carried.  The dropped line carries one opening
bracket and no closing bracket, and the surviving fragment carries the closing
bracket, so the arithmetic balances and the guard is satisfied.  The guard was
added to stop a substitution from mangling markup; a bracket-balanced
line-continuation residue is outside what it can see.

why it is harmless, verified rather than asserted: the fragment lands as
character data inside the properties element, so every report remains
well-formed.  Each report was parsed to confirm this.  No counter, no testcase,
no outcome and no failure body is affected: the fragment sits in the property
dump, which is provenance rather than evidence, and the runtime provenance the
dump exists to carry is intact — java.runtime.version is present and native in
every report, which is the property the harvest refuses to install without.

why it is not fixed here: the archive is digest-bound.  sha256-manifest.txt
covers all 278 reports and the run-provenance note, and smoke-checks.sh runs
that manifest as a live check and reports a failure when a carried copy does
not match.  Rewriting one report would break that check, would leave a single
file of 278 formatted unlike the rest, and would require regenerating a
manifest that spans the whole archive.  The correct repair belongs in the
harvest script, not in the harvested evidence: make the property filter
element-aware so it consumes a property element whole rather than by line,
and it will drop both physical lines of a multi-line value together.  Until
the script is corrected a re-harvest reproduces the fragment identically,
which is why the archive is internally consistent.

why the SCRIPT is not corrected either, stated because the paragraph above
names the repair and a reader is entitled to ask why it was not simply made.
Two constraints point the same way and neither is a preference.

  R-6 permits fixing a pre-existing defect only when it BLOCKS a validation
  item.  This one blocks none: every report parses, every counter and outcome
  is unaffected, and the runtime provenance the dump exists to carry is
  intact.  The escape clause is invoked exactly twice in the whole change set
  and both invocations are frontend conditions; spending a third here would
  make the exception count grow for a cosmetic gain.

  Correcting the filter would also END the archive's byte-reproducibility from
  the committed script.  A corrected filter drops both physical lines, so a
  re-harvest would emit 278 baseline reports that differ from the 278 committed
  ones - every digest in sha256-manifest.txt would move, and the committed
  archive would no longer be what the committed installer produces.  Today a
  reviewer can re-run the installer over the same raw reports and get the tree
  that is committed; after the correction they could not, and the only way to
  restore that property would be a JDK 8 re-harvest, which the capture attempt
  recorded below establishes is blocked in this environment.

  So the defect stays registered and the script stays as it is.  What the
  script DOES already refuse is the failure that actually matters: it aborts on
  any report that cannot state its own java.runtime.version, which is the gate
  the four hand-composed reports described above would have failed.


THE GENUINE CAPTURE ATTEMPT

The preferred provenance for any report here is a real run, relocated
unchanged.  An independent re-capture was therefore attempted in this
checkout before anything else, and it is recorded here because it did not
succeed and the reason is worth keeping.

what was attempted: the base commit was materialised read-only into a scratch
directory, its own reactor descriptors confirmed pre-migration, and the single
suite was compiled and run against the warmed local artifact repository on the
older runtime.

what happened, quoted from the captured build log with the machine path
replaced by the placeholder this archive already uses for it:

  cannot access com.armedia.acm.core.AcmObject
  bad class file: {LOCAL-ARTIFACT-REPOSITORY}/com/armedia/acm/acm-core-api/
    2021.03/acm-core-api-2021.03.jar(com/armedia/acm/core/AcmObject.class)
    class file has wrong version 61.0, should be 52.0

why that blocks it: the warmed local artifact repository is shared host state
and currently holds the intra-reactor artifacts as the migrated build
installed them, at the newer class-file version.  The older compiler cannot
read them.  Clearing or rebuilding that repository in place would corrupt
state other work depends on, and seeding a private copy and rebuilding the
ancestor closure would produce a reconstruction rather than the authoritative
run — while changing nothing about the report that is already installed.

no tool was installed to make the attempt look complete.  The runtimes and
the build tool used were the ones already present.

corroboration that was obtainable, and was taken: the same suite was executed
on the target runtime against the current tree.  It reported two tests run,
zero failures, zero errors, zero skipped, and produced a report naming the two
methods in source order — the same counters and the same two names, in the same
order, as the archived baseline report for this suite.  The suite's source is
byte-identical at the base commit and at the current commit, so the class the
baseline exercised is the class that still exists.  That run also left a
non-empty coverage data file, which is the observable form of the requirement
that the runner declaration must not set a literal argument-line element: the
agent's export survived, so the coverage gate evaluated a real data set rather
than an empty one.


AUDIT RESULTS FOR THIS ARCHIVE

Recorded as outcomes, each counted across all archived reports:
  module-access JVM arguments, in any of the three spellings — that is, an
    argument that opens or exports an otherwise-encapsulated JDK package to the
    unnamed module: 0.  This zero is EARNED, not incidental.  Every
    strong-encapsulation failure met in this migration was resolved by advancing or removing the library rather than by opening a JDK module, and
    was resolved by upgrading or removing that library; every reflective
    access-widening call site in the tree targets the application's own
    classes; and there is no security-manager usage.
  successor-namespace token: 0.  Every namespace string in the archive is the
    original one.  The property allowlist is what keeps it that way: both
    classpath properties are dropped, and a classpath is the one place in a
    report where such a token would otherwise appear.
  configured administrator password: 0.
  absolute machine paths surviving into the archive: 0, verified by search
    rather than claimed; see the run-provenance note for the extent of the
    replacement.

substitutions performed while writing this note: 1.  The build-log excerpt
above had its local artifact repository path replaced with the placeholder,
for the same reason the harvest replaces it everywhere else — the path names a
directory specific to one machine and one run.  Nothing else in the excerpt
was altered, and no report was touched.


WHAT WAS NOT DONE

No report was edited, reformatted or regenerated.  No skipped, failure or
error element was added to any report, and no log line was invented for any
suite whose class declares a logger.  No report was created for an
integration-test class: those run in phases after the unit-test phase, so the
unit-test run this archive records never reached them, and an absent
integration test is neither a pass nor a failure and can never justify a test
exclusion.  No test was disabled and no ignore annotation was added anywhere.
