per-report reading notes — baseline half (JDK 8, base commit c8f6226105)

scope of this note: one of the 278 archived baseline Surefire reports in the
sibling module directories, acm-service-ecm / EcmFileServiceImplTest.  It records
the per-report disclosures a reader needs in order to cite that report correctly.
It changes no evidence: not one counter, testcase, method name, elapsed time,
property or captured console byte in any report was altered to produce this file.


WHY THESE DISCLOSURES LIVE HERE AND NOT INSIDE THE REPORT

The reports are machine output.  This archive's design is that each report carries
its provenance NATIVELY — it states its own java.runtime.version and
java.class.version in the properties the runner wrote — and that no prose sits
ahead of any <testsuite> element.  A comment is precisely what an authored report
can fake; a native class-file version of 52.0 is precisely what it cannot.
Confirm the runtime from those properties rather than from any prose, including
this file.

An earlier revision of this archive prepended an XML comment to every report and
that form was withdrawn for exactly that reason.  The withdrawal was incomplete:
one baseline report and eight migrated reports were left carrying authored
narrative between their XML declaration and their root element, which contradicted
three published checks over this archive —

  surefire-evidence-archive.md, re-runnable check 3:
    grep -rl '<!--' docs/migration/smoke-evidence/*/surefire \
      --include='TEST-*.xml' | wc -l          # expect 0, actually returned 9
  surefire-evidence-archive.md, baseline bullet:
    "Zero XML comments and zero prose bytes ahead of any <testsuite> element"
  baseline-test-failures.md:
    "Each report carries its provenance natively rather than in a comment ahead
     of its root element"

The nine comments have been removed and the disclosures they carried that are not
recorded elsewhere are reproduced below and in the migrated half's sibling note,
so the conversion the documentation already described is now actually complete.
Nothing was discarded to reach that state: authored narrative was relocated, and
no runner output was touched.

why the author put it there in the first place, recorded because the reason is
sound and the fix is not to repeat it: a module directory admits report XML and
nothing else — no index, no summary, no notes file — so there was no room beside
the report for a companion.  The prose home is one level up, which is where this
file and its sibling property-allowlist note sit.

what this file is NOT: it is not digest-bound.  sha256-manifest.txt covers the 278
reports and run-provenance.txt, and it deliberately does not cover either note in
this directory.  The reports are the evidence and they are tamper-evident; these
notes are reading guidance and carry no figure that is not re-derivable from the
reports themselves.


acm-service-ecm / EcmFileServiceImplTest

WHAT IT IS.  An EXECUTED unit-test report, written by the runner and archived
unchanged, captured on JDK 8 at base commit c8f6226105c28c2743281d26bf21ad73f7bb7f26
before any migration edit — the only state that can serve as a baseline.  The
runner already names its output TEST-<fully qualified class name>.xml, so the file
was RELOCATED into the archive and NEVER RENAMED.

NO RUNTIME WAS INSTALLED to produce it, and none was needed.  Re-running the suite
from the present tree would NOT yield a baseline, because the tree now carries the
migrated build configuration and any run of it describes the migrated side.  That
is why the executed base-commit report is preserved rather than regenerated.  The
attempt to re-capture it independently, and the exact reason that attempt could
not succeed in this checkout, are recorded in the sibling note
property-allowlist-line-continuation.txt.

WHAT THE ZERO COUNTERS MEAN.  tests=8 failures=0 errors=0 skipped=0 are the
counters the runner wrote for a run that actually happened, and the absence of
failure, error and skipped elements is an OBSERVED result rather than an
assumption or a tidied one.  No pass or fail claim is made beyond what the runner
recorded.

THAT A BASELINE FAILURE IS ARCHIVED AS FAILING IS CHECKABLE, NOT PROMISED.  Had
any of these eight tests failed at the base commit, its failure body and full
stack trace would stand in the report verbatim, because a baseline failure
archived as failing is the only thing that can ever justify a test exclusion.
The archive does exactly that, and a reader can confirm it without trusting this
sentence: a sibling report in this same module directory,
TEST-com.armedia.acm.plugins.ecm.web.api.FileDownloadAPIControllerTest.xml,
carries failures=3 of tests=4 with all three failure bodies and their stack traces
intact — verified by parsing it, which
reports three failure children, each of whose bodies contains stack frames.  The
register page docs/migration/baseline-test-failures.md publishes the recursive
search that lists every report in this half carrying a red child element; it
returns that report together with FolderCompressorTest under
acm-service-compress-folder, the two files behind the four rows of the baseline
failure register.  That search is quoted there and deliberately not repeated here,
because this note lives inside the tree it searches and repeating the pattern would
make this file a third match and break the published count.

TESTCASE ORDER IS RUNNER ORDER, DELIBERATELY NOT SOURCE ORDER.  The eight testcase
elements stand in the order the runner emitted them, which is the reflection order
of the run.  Nothing was fixed, skipped or reordered.

ATTRIBUTE ORDER DIFFERS BETWEEN THE TWO HALVES, and it is worth knowing before a
comparison is written.  The runner that produced this half emits, on the testsuite
element, tests= failures= name= time= errors= skipped= and nothing else, and it
emits classname= before name= on each testcase.  The pinned runner on the migrated
side emits two schema-location attributes first and then
version= name= time= tests= errors= skipped= failures=, and it emits name= before
classname=.  A text-matching comparison keyed on one of those orders silently
finds nothing on the other side, so any comparison over these reports must parse
them rather than grep them.  The name sets and the emission order of the testcases
themselves pair exactly.

WHAT IS DELIBERATELY ABSENT.  This report covers unit tests only.  The module's
seven integration-test classes produce no report in this archive by design, not by
omission: the integration runner binds its integration-test and verify goals with
no explicit phase, so both default to phases after test, and a run that stops at
test never reaches them.  EcmFileDaoIT and EcmFileVersionDaoIT exercise the same
file and version domain as this suite, and their absence is still by design.  For
the same reason the single pre-existing ignore annotation in this module, which
sits on an integration-test class, is not representable here and no skipped
element is invented for it: an absent integration test is neither a pass nor a
failure, and it can never justify an exclusion.  The module's non-test helper
class is absent for its own reason — it matches none of the runner include
patterns.

WHY THIS SUITE IS WORTH A BASELINE.  It is the module's core file-service suite:
deletion of one version that must leave the other versions intact, deletion of all
versions, the record-status guard that must throw, the single-version edge case,
and then move, folder creation, metadata update and the update-failure path.  It
is one of the 19 unit-test files in this module that exercise the class-proxying
mocking library whose floor advance has the widest build-configuration footprint
of the migration, so this report is part of the before-picture for that change.
Its delete, move and create outcomes also underwrite the document round-trip smoke
flow, where a difference would be a wire-behaviour regression rather than a
cosmetic one.  Every assertion in the suite is unmodified by the migration, and
the class keeps its javax.persistence import unchanged.

THE ORPHANED PROPERTY FRAGMENT in this report's properties block is a registered
pre-existing defect, present in all 278 baseline reports and in none of the 284
migrated ones, and it is documented in full in the sibling note
property-allowlist-line-continuation.txt.  It is not repeated here.

IF THIS SUITE IS EVER RE-HARVESTED, replace the report with the unmodified
installed report rather than editing it in place.
