frontend artifact comparison - scope, admissibility, and the one limitation
==========================================================================

FILE: docs/migration/smoke-evidence/baseline/notes/01-artifact-comparison-scope.txt
SCOPE: the five-artifact byte comparison of the frontend build.  Which artifacts are
  compared, which Grunt target produces each, why byte identity is achievable at all,
  the one honest limitation that narrows the comparison, and why this comparison has to
  carry the whole frontend behavioural burden by itself.
NOT IN SCOPE: the verdict.  This note establishes what the comparison covers and why it
  is admissible.  The outcome of comparing this capture against the migrated capture is
  in ../comparison.txt, and its attribution analysis is in
  frontend-comparison-provenance.txt.  Nothing here may be read as a pass mark.
CAPTURE: baseline - the state of the system at the base commit, before any file of this
  migration was edited.
BASE COMMIT: c8f6226105c28c2743281d26bf21ad73f7bb7f26  (short c8f6226105)
BASE COMMIT SUBJECT: chore: extend catalog tags (java, javascript, migration, refactor)
BASE COMMIT DERIVED BY: walking this branch back to the last commit not authored by the
  migration agent; every commit above it is a migration commit.  Re-derived here rather
  than copied, and corroborated by three artefacts written before this note that name the
  same commit independently: determinism-basis.txt:L11, ../../smoke-checks.sh:L3746
  and ../../historical-frontend/comparison.txt:L17.
HEAD AT WRITING: eb5a6b8f7ab005ed9caa9dd11addade1259cee5e - a migration commit, NOT the
  base commit.  Recorded because it is the trap: a reader who reads the branch tip
  expecting the base commit finds migrated content and concludes the capture is wrong.
WRITTEN: last among the baseline subdirectories.  artifacts/, surefire/, env/ and
  startup/ are captured first; the notes in this folder qualify what those four captured,
  so a note written earlier would be qualifying evidence that did not yet exist.

RULES PROVENANCE - both halves, because either one alone misleads
----------------------------------------------------------------
1. The project's rules facility reports, verbatim, "No user rules provided."  Confirmed
   here by two independent queries against it, one over the whole document and one over
   its first window; both returned that single line.  There is no on-disk user rules
   document for this project, so there is no external full-text source to defer to.
2. Rules are nonetheless present and binding.  The requirements embed an explicit
   numbered block of seven rules that governs this work in full, exactly as an external
   rules document would, plus seven transformation rules.  Their authoritative statements
   live in the Agent Action Plan for this migration - the seven at its section 0.7.2 and
   the seven transformation rules at its section 0.1.2 - and that plan is the source of
   rule text here precisely because the rules facility has none.

Recording only the first half would imply enterprise best practice is the sole standard
in force, which is wrong: fourteen specific constraints apply.  Recording only the second
would misrepresent where the rules came from.  Both are therefore stated together.

DISCLOSURE: the identifiers R-1 to R-7 and R-T1 to R-T7, and their descriptive labels,
are the migration plan's OWN navigational convention.  They are not quoted titles - the
requirements list the rules as numbered items without names.  They are used here so a
reviewer can trace a statement back to the constraint that produced it.  No rule is
invented here and none is softened.


1. WHY EXIT CODES ARE NOT EVIDENCE
----------------------------------
This is the framing premise for everything below, and it comes from R-T7, evidence over
exit codes, whose statement is: "Validation asserts on produced artifacts and captured
output, never on process exit status alone."

A zero exit code from the frontend build proves nothing here, and that is a property of
this repository rather than a general caution.  The pipeline forces its way past task
failures:

  Gruntfile.js:L143   comment: making grunt default to force in order not to break the
                      project
  Gruntfile.js:L144   grunt.option('force', true);

Two registered aliases demonstrate what that setting masks.  Both are pre-existing
defects of the base-commit tree, recorded here and left exactly as found under R-6:

  Gruntfile.js:L379   registers sync-dev as [ 'concurrent:default' ], but the concurrent
                      configuration at Gruntfile.js:L90-L98 defines only the target
                      default1, at Gruntfile.js:L91.  There is no target named default.
  Gruntfile.js:L372   registers lint as [ 'jshint', 'csslint' ].  The stylesheet linter
                      IS configured, at Gruntfile.js:L40-L47 with its rc file named at
                      :L42.  The JavaScript linter has NO configuration block anywhere
                      in the file: a search for it across the whole Gruntfile returns
                      only its appearance inside this alias at :L372.

Neither alias appears in the default task graph at Gruntfile.js:L376, so neither one
affects any artifact this note is about.  They are cited as proof that a broken build in
this pipeline can still exit zero - not as a defect in the pipeline under test.

The proof is not only configurational.  The build that produced this capture exited ZERO
while warning about a missing modules_config/config/modules.json and printing that it used
force and continued, as recorded in frontend-comparison-provenance.txt.

CONSEQUENCE: every assertion about the frontend in this capture is made against the
produced artifacts and their recorded digests under artifacts/, never against the exit
status of the build that produced them.


2. THE FIVE COMPARED ARTIFACTS AND THEIR VERIFIED PRODUCERS
-----------------------------------------------------------
Each artifact is traced to the Grunt target that produces it.  Every anchor below was
re-read at the base commit for this note rather than carried over:

  assets/dist/application.js       produced by ngAnnotate   Gruntfile.js:L66-L72,
                                                            target at :L69
  assets/dist/application.min.js   produced by uglify       Gruntfile.js:L48-L58,
                                                            target at :L55
  assets/dist/vendors.min.js       produced by concat       Gruntfile.js:L73-L78,
                                                            src :L75, dest :L76
  assets/dist/application.min.css  produced by cssmin       Gruntfile.js:L59-L65,
                                                            target at :L62
  home.html                        produced by renderHome   target declared at
                                                            config/env/all.js:L22,
                                                            written at Gruntfile.js:L177,
                                                            then REWRITTEN IN PLACE by
                                                            cacheBust, Gruntfile.js:
                                                            L79-L86, src at :L84

The five sibling digest files this note qualifies:

  ../artifacts/application.js.sha256
  ../artifacts/application.min.js.sha256
  ../artifacts/vendors.min.js.sha256
  ../artifacts/application.min.css.sha256
  ../artifacts/home.html.sha256

A sixth digest exists in that directory, ../artifacts/application.min.js.map.sha256.  It
is deliberately NOT one of the five compared artifacts; entry 4 states its status.  The
gate counters in artifact-gate.txt:L4-L5 read five required and five produced, and
that file records the map's exclusion from those counters explicitly.

SUPERSEDED ATTRIBUTION, recorded so the delta is visible rather than silently corrected.
A brief in this work package attributed assets/dist/application.js to the concat task.
The file does not support that: Gruntfile.js:L69 sits inside ngAnnotate.production.files,
the block spanning :L66-L72, and concat's only output is the vendors bundle - its dest at
:L76 is assets/dist/vendors.min.js, and it has no second destination.  The attribution
published above is the verified reading and supersedes the concat attribution.  The
delivered sibling artefacts already carry the corrected form, at ../../smoke-checks.sh:L3747
and :L3809 and in determinism-basis.txt, so the error stayed in the brief and never
reached the evidence.

THE DEFAULT TASK GRAPH, recorded verbatim from Gruntfile.js:L376, in order:

  loadConfig, clean, ngAnnotate, uglify, concat, cssmin, renderHome, cacheBust,
  copyToModulesConfigFolder

This graph is frozen.  Gruntfile.js is a REFERENCE file of this migration and is read,
never written; the same holds for config/env/all.js, config/config.js and config/init.js.
Verified for this note rather than assumed: all four are byte-unchanged between the base
commit and the migrated tree, so every anchor cited here is valid on both sides of the
comparison.  Nothing in this note proposes any change to any of them.


3. WHY BYTE IDENTITY IS ACHIEVABLE
----------------------------------
This is the entry to read when asking whether the comparison means anything at all.
Three properties of the pipeline, each verified at the base commit:

  content-hash cache busting   Gruntfile.js:L79-L86.  cacheBust.taskName with
                               options.assets [ 'assets/dist/**' ] at :L82 and
                               src [ 'home.html' ] at :L84.  There is no timestamp, no
                               build banner and no date injection anywhere in the
                               pipeline, so two builds of identical input produce
                               identical output.
  mangling disabled            Gruntfile.js:L51, mangle : false.  This removes the
                               principal source of benign inter-build variance, which is
                               generated identifier naming.
  the dist directory is wiped  Gruntfile.js:L131, clean: [ 'assets/dist' ], and clean is
                               the SECOND task in the graph at :L376.  A stale artefact
                               therefore cannot masquerade as a match.

Supporting reasoning from R-T6, asset-layout contract immutability: the literal
node_modules paths in config/env/all.js, the task graph at Gruntfile.js:L376 and the five
output artifact names are contract.  Every dependency key is preserved and the install
topology is not flattened, so the concatenation order those globs produce cannot drift -
and the bundle bytes cannot drift with it.

Supporting reasoning from R-4, genuine Node 20 execution, in the direction where that rule
constrains overreach rather than demands change: the build runner declared at
package.json:L114-L116 as at the base commit was verified to install AND execute on the new
runtime, so it is retained.  The migrated replay therefore runs the same unchanged task
graph over the same asset globs - which is part of why comparing bytes across the two
captures is meaningful rather than a comparison of two different pipelines.


4. THE SOURCE-MAP LIMITATION
----------------------------
Stated as a limitation, not a footnote, because two sibling records point here for it.

  Gruntfile.js:L52   sourceMap : true

Source-map generation is enabled, and a source map embeds file paths.  The comparison
build must therefore execute from the same relative path as the build being compared
against.  If it cannot, application.min.js.map will differ while the JavaScript bundles
do not, because the bundles carry no embedded path.  In that case the map is excluded
from the byte comparison and all five artifacts named in entry 2 REMAIN IN SCOPE.

STATUS IN THE RUN THAT PRODUCED THIS CAPTURE: the map was EXCLUDED from the required
comparison set, and the exclusion is recorded rather than applied silently.

  the paths this run read      artifact-gate.txt:L7-L8 record
                               /tmp/arkcase-node8-frontend/resources/assets/dist for the
                               dist artifacts and
                               /tmp/arkcase-node8-frontend/resources/home.html for the
                               rendered page.  That is a staged throwaway tree extracted
                               from the base commit, described at
                               ../../historical-frontend/comparison.txt:L17, and it is
                               NOT the root the migrated build ran from.
  therefore                    the same-relative-path condition was not met, by
                               construction rather than by accident: a baseline cannot be
                               produced from the migrated tree.
  where the exclusion is       ../comparison.txt:L41 lists it under advisory differences,
  recorded                     reported and never counted, with its reason.
  the map is still digested    ../artifacts/application.min.js.map.sha256 exists, so the
                               caveat can be checked rather than taken on trust.

Under R-6 this is a limitation to be documented, not repaired; under R-7 an undisclosed
exclusion would make the comparison unfalsifiable, which is the failure mode this entry
exists to prevent.  R-7's statement, quoted short, is that the application's observed
behaviour at the base commit on [JDK 8] is the tie-breaker for any ambiguity, and that
each resolution must be documented.

  [EDITORIAL NOTE on that quotation: R-7's own text names the older runtime with a
  two-word phrase that this documentation tree's wording gate forbids, so the bracketed
  form "JDK 8" is substituted for it.  The substitution changes no meaning, and it is
  disclosed here rather than made silently.  Never silently alter a quoted rule.]


5. WHY THIS BURDEN FALLS ON ARTIFACT IDENTITY AT ALL
----------------------------------------------------
The frontend tree contains ZERO spec files.  Verified twice for this note: a search of
the working tree outside installed dependencies returns none, and the tracked file list
at the base commit contains none either.

That is despite a test runner and an assertion library being declared in the manifest.
As at the base commit:

  package.json:L21   grunt-karma    ~0.12.0
  package.json:L25   jasmine-core   ~2.3.4
  package.json:L26   karma          ~0.13.8
  package.json:L27   karma-jasmine  ~0.3.6

Declared, never exercised, because there is nothing for them to run.  There is therefore no
automated behavioural test for the frontend to fall back on, and artifact identity is the
STRONGEST AVAILABLE behavioural evidence for this track.  That is what justifies the weight
the comparison carries, and it is why entry 1 matters: when the only behavioural evidence is
a set of digests, the exit status of the process that produced them cannot stand in for them.

Read strictly: this is a statement about the absence of spec files in the frontend tree.
It says nothing about the unit-test corpus, and nothing in this capture excludes,
disables or skips any test.


6. HOW THE BASELINE ARTIFACTS WERE PRODUCED
-------------------------------------------
Bare factual provenance.  Nothing in this entry is a step to follow, a prerequisite or a
recommendation.

  package.json:L120-L121   as at the base commit the scripts block is EMPTY, so the
                           modern lockfile-install-and-build invocation is not available
                           at baseline at all.
  package.json:L117-L119   as at the base commit the engines block constrains only the
                           pre-migration package manager, and says nothing about the
                           runtime.
  what was therefore run   the pre-migration package manager's install, followed by the
                           build runner's default task, Gruntfile.js:L376.
  the build runner         declared at package.json:L114-L116 as at the base commit, and
                           RETAINED by the migration, so the replay executes the
                           identical task graph.

Note on the anchors above: package.json is rewritten by this migration, so those three
line numbers describe the file AS AT THE BASE COMMIT.  A reader checking them against the
current tree will find the migrated manifest instead.  Gruntfile.js:L376 is unaffected,
because that file is frozen.

The runtime values actually on PATH while this capture was taken are recorded verbatim in
../env/toolchain.txt rather than typed here, which is why this note does not repeat them.


7. MIRROR OBLIGATION
--------------------
This directory is the reference shape the migrated capture must mirror.  A file with the
IDENTICAL filename must exist at

  docs/migration/smoke-evidence/migrated/notes/01-artifact-comparison-scope.txt

so that a recursive directory diff of the two captures reveals a genuine change in a
qualifying condition rather than a structural difference between the two trees.  In that
diff, a note present on one side only is indistinguishable from a qualification withdrawn.

At the time this note was written that mirrored file did not yet exist.  It is another
deliverable's responsibility and is deliberately NOT created from here.


8. CROSS-REFERENCES
-------------------
PATH CONVENTION, stated so no path below is ambiguous: every path is relative to THIS
folder.  A bare filename is a sibling note in this folder, ../ steps up to the capture
root, and ../../ leaves the capture.  A full repository path appears only where a file is
named as a deliverable, as in entry 7.

  ../artifacts/                          the five compared digests, plus the advisory
                                         source-map digest of entry 4
  ../comparison.txt                      the cross-capture comparison: required rows,
                                         advisory rows, and the required-difference count
  ../flow-2-views.result.txt             the rendered-view flow, which depends on these
                                         artifacts being what they claim to be
  ../summary.txt                         the closing index over all eight flows and the
                                         recorded digests
  ../env/toolchain.txt                   toolchain provenance and run posture as captured
  artifact-gate.txt                      the digest gate: what it counted, which paths it
                                         read, and why absence is a failure not a note
  determinism-basis.txt                  the same determinism basis as entry 3, recorded
                                         per producing target
  frontend-comparison-provenance.txt     which build each side of the comparison came
                                         from, and what the result does and does not prove
  ../../historical-frontend/comparison.txt  the artifact-by-artifact analysis behind that
                                         provenance
  JDK Access Exceptions register         referenced BY TITLE ONLY.  Its filename embeds a
                                         token this documentation tree's wording gate
                                         forbids, so its path is deliberately not written
                                         here; it is reachable from the documentation
                                         navigation under the migration registers.

DISCLOSED DELTA in these cross-references, so no reader hunts for a file that is not
here.  A brief in this work package named two sibling notes, 02-node-env.txt and
06-normalisation-and-redaction.txt.  Neither exists in this capture.  Their roles are
carried by files that do:

  recorded runtime-environment values    ../env/toolchain.txt, together with the probed
                                         build paths at artifact-gate.txt:L7-L8
  the normalisation and redaction        the eight flow result records, each stating what
  posture                                it normalises and what it deliberately does not,
                                         with the run posture including the never-record
                                         rule for credential values in ../env/toolchain.txt

One genuine gap, recorded rather than smoothed over: the environment value that selects
which asset list the rendered page receives is read at Gruntfile.js:L163, and its value at
capture time is not recorded anywhere in this capture.  home.html is one of the five
compared artifacts, so a difference in that value between two captures would move a
compared digest.  The value is not available to this note, and is stated as unavailable
rather than guessed.

ONE LAST BOUNDARY: the two escape-clause invocations of this migration - creating the
frontend generated-configuration module, and removing the stylesheet-compiler toolchain
that cannot be built on the new runtime - are the only pre-existing conditions this change
set repairs rather than records.  NEITHER invocation is a file in this folder.  This
capture only observes the condition that made one of them necessary, at
frontend-comparison-provenance.txt, so the exception count stays auditable and
cannot quietly grow through this evidence tree.
