the build-time environment selector for the rendered page - recorded value and why it binds
==========================================================================================

FILE: docs/migration/smoke-evidence/baseline/notes/02-node-env.txt
SCOPE: the one build-time environment value the frontend build reads, the branch that value
  selected while this capture was taken, the mechanism by which it decides the content of
  home.html, and the condition it therefore places on the migrated replay.  home.html is
  one of the five byte-compared artifacts, so this value is a precondition of that
  comparison rather than a detail about it.
NOT IN SCOPE: tool versions.  Which runtimes were on PATH while this capture was taken is a
  different fact, obtained by probing rather than by reading source, and it is recorded in
  ../env/toolchain.txt.  Also not in scope: the comparison verdict, which is in
  ../comparison.txt.  Nothing in this note may be read as a pass mark.
CAPTURE: baseline - the state of the system at the base commit, before any file of this
  migration was edited.
BASE COMMIT: c8f6226105c28c2743281d26bf21ad73f7bb7f26  (short c8f6226105)
BASE COMMIT SUBJECT: chore: extend catalog tags (java, javascript, migration, refactor)
BASE COMMIT DERIVED BY: walking this branch back to the newest commit not authored by the
  migration agent; the fifteen commits above it are all migration commits.  Re-derived for
  this note rather than copied from any brief, and it agrees with the independent
  derivation recorded at 01-artifact-comparison-scope.txt:L15-L21.
HEAD AT WRITING: d5698836f006eede8cd15ee2344960d56d2b16f8 - a migration commit, NOT the
  base commit.  Recorded because reading the branch tip in place of the base commit is the
  standing trap of this capture: a reader who does so finds migrated content and concludes
  the capture is wrong.
RECORDED VALUE: the selector resolved to its NON-PRODUCTION branch.  The tracked default
  value of the project is development, declared at five tracked locations named in entry 3.
  In the shell that produced this capture the variable was NOT SET by the producer, and an
  unset variable selects the same branch as the value development; entry 3 gives the exact
  mechanism and why the distinction moves no byte.
RECORDED VALUE BASIS: re-derived for this note from the producing capture script and from
  the single read site in the tree, both cited by line in entry 3.  It is not assumed, not
  inferred from how the build "would normally" be run, and not copied from a brief.
WRITTEN: last among the baseline subdirectories.  artifacts/, surefire/, env/ and startup/
  are captured first; the notes in this folder qualify what those four captured, so a note
  written earlier would be qualifying evidence that did not yet exist.

RULES PROVENANCE - both halves, because either one alone misleads
----------------------------------------------------------------
1. The project's rules facility reports, verbatim, "No user rules provided."  Confirmed for
   this note by two independent queries against it, one over the whole document and one
   over its first window; both returned that single line and the read was complete rather
   than partial.  There is no on-disk user rules document for this project, so there is no
   external full-text source to defer to.
2. Rules are nonetheless present and binding.  The requirements embed an explicit numbered
   block of seven rules that governs this work in full, exactly as an external rules
   document would, plus seven transformation rules.  Their authoritative statements live in
   the Agent Action Plan for this migration - the seven at its section 0.7.2 and the seven
   transformation rules at its section 0.1.2 - and that plan is the source of rule text
   here precisely because the rules facility has none.

Recording only the first half would imply that enterprise best practice is the sole
standard in force, which is wrong: fourteen specific constraints apply.  Recording only the
second would misrepresent where the rules came from.  Both are therefore stated together.

DISCLOSURE: the identifiers R-1 to R-7 and R-T1 to R-T7, and their descriptive labels, are
the migration plan's OWN navigational convention.  They are not quoted titles - the
requirements list the rules as numbered items without names.  They are used here so that a
reviewer can trace a statement back to the constraint that produced it.  No rule is
invented here and none is softened; enterprise best practice is applied on top of the
fourteen, never as a substitute for them.


1. THE MECHANISM: ONE READ SITE DECIDES A COMPARED ARTIFACT
-----------------------------------------------------------
This entry states why a single environment value belongs in an evidence folder at all.  The
reason is structural rather than stylistic: the value is read once, and what it selects is
written into a file whose bytes are compared.

The rendering task, read verbatim at the base commit:

  Gruntfile.js:L156   grunt.registerTask('renderHome', 'Render HTML page', function() {
  Gruntfile.js:L157   var configUtil = require('./config/config');
  Gruntfile.js:L159   var title = config.homePage.title;
  Gruntfile.js:L160   var jsFiles = [];
  Gruntfile.js:L161   var cssFiles = [];
  Gruntfile.js:L163   if (process.env.NODE_ENV == 'production') {
  Gruntfile.js:L164       jsFiles = config.assets.distJs
                              .concat(config.assets.lib.customJs);
  Gruntfile.js:L165       cssFiles = configUtil.getCSSAssets();
  Gruntfile.js:L166   } else {
  Gruntfile.js:L167       jsFiles = configUtil.getJavaScriptAssets()
                              .concat(configUtil.getModulesJavaScriptAssets());
  Gruntfile.js:L168       cssFiles = configUtil.getCSSAssets();
  Gruntfile.js:L169   }
  Gruntfile.js:L171-L176  nunjucks.render(config.homePage.template, { appPath, title,
                          jsFiles, cssFiles }) - the four values handed to the template,
                          two of which are the lists chosen immediately above
  Gruntfile.js:L177   fs.writeFileSync(config.homePage.target, html);

The supporting anchors that turn the branch at :L163 and the write at :L177 into a named
file on disk, and that name the two lists the branch chooses between:

  config/env/all.js:L19-L23   the homePage block: title at :L20, template at :L21 as
                              templates/home.tpl.html, and the write destination at :L22
  config/env/all.js:L22       target : 'home.html' - THE FILE THAT GETS WRITTEN.  The path
                              handed to the write at Gruntfile.js:L177 comes from here and
                              from nowhere else
  config/env/all.js:L83       distJs : two entries, the built vendors bundle and the built
                              application bundle - the production branch's whole list
  config/env/all.js:L38       lib.customJs - a single external URL entry.  It appears on
                              BOTH branches: directly at Gruntfile.js:L164, and inside the
                              accessor used at :L167
  config/env/all.js:L84       distCss : the built stylesheet bundle, carrying the in-file
                              comment that it cannot be used because the stylesheet has
                              font and image dependencies.  Recorded because it explains
                              why the stylesheet list is NOT the branch-sensitive one: the
                              built stylesheet bundle is declared and then deliberately not
                              consumed by this task, on EITHER branch

The three accessors the two branches call, all in a frozen configuration module:

  config/config.js:L56    getJavaScriptAssets - expands the vendor per-file list at
                          config/env/all.js:L39-L76, the application sources at :L80-L82
                          and the external entry at :L38 through the glob helper at
                          config/config.js:L21
  config/config.js:L60    getModulesJavaScriptAssets - expands the module, directive and
                          service globs at config/env/all.js:L85-L90
  config/config.js:L130   getCSSAssets - expands the vendor stylesheet list at
                          config/env/all.js:L27-L37 and the application stylesheets at :L78

CONCLUSION, stated plainly.  home.html is one of the five byte-compared artifacts and its
digest is the sibling record ../artifacts/home.html.sha256.  It is written at
Gruntfile.js:L177 from a list chosen at Gruntfile.js:L163, and then rewritten in place by
the cache-busting task at Gruntfile.js:L79-L86, whose only source is home.html at :L84.
Both of those tasks are in the frozen default graph at Gruntfile.js:L376, in that order.
The value read at :L163 is therefore A PRECONDITION OF THE COMPARISON, not metadata about
it.  Two captures taken under different branch selections produce two different home.html
files from the same source tree, and a digest difference between them would say nothing
whatever about the runtime migration.


2. PRECISION CORRECTION: ONLY THE JAVASCRIPT LIST DIFFERS
---------------------------------------------------------
Published as a correction, so the delta is visible rather than silently contradicted.

The migration plan and a brief in this work package describe the branch at
Gruntfile.js:L163 as selecting "different asset file lists" - plural and
undifferentiated.  Verified by reading the file for this note, that wording is imprecise in
a way that matters:

  the stylesheet list is IDENTICAL on both paths.  cssFiles is the same expression,
  configUtil.getCSSAssets(), at Gruntfile.js:L165 on the production path and at
  Gruntfile.js:L168 on the other.  Not an equivalent expression - the same one, character
  for character.

  only the JavaScript list differs.  The production path takes the two built bundles at
  config/env/all.js:L83 concatenated with the single external entry at :L38.  The other
  path takes configUtil.getJavaScriptAssets() concatenated with
  configUtil.getModulesJavaScriptAssets(), which expand the globs named in entry 1 into a
  much longer per-file list.

  home.html STILL DIFFERS between the two paths, because the JavaScript list differs and
  both lists are handed to the template together at Gruntfile.js:L171-L176.

THIS SUPERSEDES the looser "different asset file lists" wording wherever it appears.  The
conclusion of entry 1 is unchanged; the mechanism behind it is narrower than stated.

The narrowing is worth publishing for two reasons.  A reader told that both lists vary
would look for a stylesheet difference that cannot exist, and might read its absence as
evidence that the branch selection did not change.  And anyone scoping the risk from the
looser wording would over-state it: the compared artifact application.min.css is produced
by an entirely different task, and this branch does not touch it on either path.  Recording
the narrower mechanism keeps the risk exactly the size it actually is.


3. THE RECORDED VALUE AND ITS CORROBORATION
-------------------------------------------
Recorded from evidence with a cited location for every claim, because under R-T7 a value
taken from an assumption about how the build "would normally" run is not evidence, and a
build that exits zero says nothing at all about which branch it took.

THE READ SITE IS UNIQUE.  A search of the tracked tree shows the variable is READ at exactly
one place: Gruntfile.js:L163.  There is no second consumer, no fallback default inside the
configuration modules, and no path by which a different value could take effect without
passing through that one line.

THE TEST AT THAT LINE IS A STRICT EQUALITY COMPARISON against the literal production.  Every
value that is not that exact string - INCLUDING a variable that is not set at all - falls
through to the else at Gruntfile.js:L166 and takes the list built at :L167.  This is the
single most useful fact in this note, because it means the branch determination survives the
difference between the value development and no value at all.

WHAT THE PRODUCING RUN ACTUALLY DID.  The baseline frontend artifacts were produced by the
capture script committed at ../../historical-frontend/capture-historical-frontend.sh, 129
lines, read for this note rather than assumed:

  :L55       exports NVM_DIR, the runtime-manager directory
  :L73       exports CI
  :L105      runs the build runner's default task, Gruntfile.js:L376
  nowhere    sets or exports the selector.  It is absent from all 129 lines

and the value is recorded nowhere else in this capture either: a search of the whole capture
tree for the variable name returns no occurrence outside this note.  The effective value in
the producing shell was therefore whatever the ambient environment carried, which is not
reconstructible after the fact and is NOT guessed here.

WHAT IS THEREFORE ESTABLISHED, and it is sufficient: the producing run did not set the
selector to production, and the exact string production is the only way to reach the
production branch.  The baseline home.html was rendered from the NON-PRODUCTION JavaScript
list.  That is the fact the comparison needs.  The residual ambiguity between development
and unset is disclosed rather than resolved, and it moves no byte, because both resolve to
the same branch at the same line.

THE TRACKED DEFAULT, corroborated at five tracked locations, every one verified at the base
commit for this note:

  README.md:L121                    export NODE_ENV=development, inside the production
                                    launch-configuration block spanning README.md:L111-L127,
                                    whose :L111 is the block heading, whose :L115 opens its
                                    shell listing and whose :L127 closes it
  arkcase webapp build.env          first line NODE_ENV=development; its second line
                                    carries the application-instance value core
  acm-foia resources build.env      first line identical; instance value foia
  acm-privacy resources build.env   first line identical; instance value privacy
  docs/setup.md:L94                 the same export inside the duplicated
                                    launch-configuration block, which this migration keeps
                                    consistent with README.md

The three build.env files in full, so each is reachable without guessing:

  acm-standard-applications/arkcase/src/main/webapp/build/build.env
  acm-standard-applications/acm-foia/src/main/resources/build/build.env
  acm-standard-applications/acm-privacy/src/main/resources/build/build.env

They are exactly two lines each and differ ONLY in the instance value.  Verified twice over:
by reading all three, and arithmetically - they are 43, 43 and 46 bytes while their instance
values are four, four and seven characters long, which leaves no room for any other
difference.  All three are tracked and byte-unchanged between the base commit and the
migrated tree.  That uniformity is the point being recorded: the value is a deliberate,
uniform tracked default of the project across all three application instances, not an
incidental setting of one machine.

ANCHOR CAVEAT, stated so no reader is sent to the wrong line.  README.md and docs/setup.md
are both rewritten by this migration, so the two line numbers above describe those files AS
AT THE BASE COMMIT.  In the current tree the same export sits at README.md:L140 and
docs/setup.md:L99.  Every other anchor in this note is unaffected: Gruntfile.js,
config/config.js, config/env/all.js and the three build.env files were verified for this
note to be byte-unchanged between the base commit and the migrated tree, so their line
numbers are valid on both sides of the comparison.


4. THE BINDING CONDITION ON THE MIGRATED REPLAY
-----------------------------------------------
Stated as an obligation, not as an observation.

THE MIGRATED REPLAY MUST RUN UNDER THE SAME BRANCH SELECTION AS THIS CAPTURE - the selector
set to any value other than production, or not set at all.  If it does not, the home.html
byte comparison IS VOID.  Not weakened and not advisory: void, because the two files would
then have been rendered from two different JavaScript lists, and the difference would be
attributable to the branch selection rather than to the runtime migration.

IF THE REPLAY'S SELECTION DIFFERS FROM THIS ONE, the correct actions, in this order:

  record the difference in the mirrored note, with the observed value and its source
  treat the home.html row of the comparison as NOT ESTABLISHED
  never declare a pass on that row
  never adjust this baseline retrospectively to agree with the replay

The order matters.  Recording the difference is the first action rather than the last,
because an undisclosed mismatch is worse than a disclosed failure: it yields a comparison
result that reads as earned and is not.

The rules behind those four.  Under R-7 the baseline is the FIXED REFERENCE against which
ambiguity is resolved, so it cannot be edited to agree with a later measurement; editing it
would destroy the one property that makes the comparison falsifiable.  Under R-6 a mismatch
is a discovered condition to be recorded, not a condition to be repaired.  Under R-T7 the
verdict on that row must come from the artifacts and from this recorded qualification, never
from the exit status of the replay build - a pipeline that forces its way past task failures
can exit zero while writing a home.html rendered from the wrong list.

R-7 is the rule that makes this note exist at all.  Quoted short, with its substitution
disclosed rather than made silently:

    "The application's observed behavior at the base commit on JDK 8 is the tie-breaker for
    any ambiguity, and each resolution must be documented."

  [EDITORIAL NOTE on that quotation: R-7's own text names the older runtime with a two-word
  phrase that this documentation tree's wording gate forbids, so the form "JDK 8" is
  substituted for it above.  The substitution changes no meaning, and it is disclosed here
  rather than made quietly.  Never silently alter a quoted rule.]

Without a recorded branch selection there is no resolution to document, and the byte
comparison of home.html becomes UNFALSIFIABLE IN BOTH DIRECTIONS: a difference could not be
interpreted, and an identical result would be unearned rather than proven.  Closing that is
the whole purpose of this note, and it is the gap that
01-artifact-comparison-scope.txt:L330-L335 records as open.

One thing this condition does NOT require, recorded so the obligation is not read as wider
than it is.  R-4 constrains overreach as well as under-reach, and the build runner is
RETAINED by this migration, so the replay executes the identical task graph at
Gruntfile.js:L376 over the identical asset globs.  The branch selector is the only variable
this note isolates, and nothing here asks for a change to the pipeline, to its inputs or to
how it is invoked.


5. WHAT THIS NOTE IS NOT
------------------------
Two boundaries, so this record is not mis-filed.

IT IS NOT A TOOLCHAIN RECORD.  Which runtimes and package managers were on PATH while this
capture was taken is a different fact, obtained by probing tools rather than by reading
source, and it is recorded in ../env/toolchain.txt.  This note records one build-time value
that selects an asset list.  The two are related only in that both qualify the same
artifacts, and keeping them apart is deliberate: a version and a branch selector fail in
different ways, and a reader looking for one should not have to read past the other.

IT IS NOT A CLAIM THAT THE NON-PRODUCTION BRANCH IS WRONG.  The value is recorded because
the comparison depends on it, and for no other reason.  Nothing here says the branch is
sub-optimal, nothing recommends changing it, nothing corrects it and nothing normalises it
away; under R-6 an observed condition is recorded as found.  Gruntfile.js, config/config.js,
config/init.js and config/env/all.js are REFERENCE files of this migration - read, never
written - and were verified for this note to be byte-unchanged between the base commit and
the migrated tree, as were the three tracked build environment files.  NOTHING IN THIS NOTE
PROPOSES EDITING ANY OF THEM.

Under R-1 the same restraint governs this record itself: it names a value and the mechanism
that consumes it.  No tool was added to produce it, no evidence category was invented for
it, and it carries no recommendation.

Read strictly on one further point: nothing in this note excludes, disables, skips or
qualifies any test.  R-5 does not reach this record, and no statement here may be read as
though it did.

ONE LAST BOUNDARY.  This migration's escape clause - repairing a pre-existing condition
rather than only recording it - is invoked EXACTLY TWICE in the whole change set: creating
the frontend generated-configuration module that the configuration loader requires, and
removing the stylesheet-compiler toolchain that cannot be built on the new runtime.  NEITHER
INVOCATION IS A FILE IN THIS FOLDER, and this note adds no third.


6. MIRROR OBLIGATION
--------------------
This directory is the reference shape the migrated capture must mirror.  A file with the
IDENTICAL filename must exist at

  docs/migration/smoke-evidence/migrated/notes/02-node-env.txt

so that a recursive directory diff of the two captures reveals a genuine change in a
qualifying condition - here, a changed recorded value - rather than a structural difference
between the two trees.  In such a diff, a note present on one side only is indistinguishable
from a qualification withdrawn, which is the worst of the available outcomes: it hides
exactly the fact the comparison depends on.

OBSERVED STATE AT THE TIME OF WRITING, recorded rather than assumed.  The migrated capture
directory is populated and already mirrors this one in shape, including a mirrored
01-artifact-comparison-scope.txt, but it does NOT yet contain a mirrored copy of this note.
The obligation is therefore live and unmet.  It is another deliverable's responsibility, and
the mirrored file is deliberately NOT created from here.


7. CROSS-REFERENCES
-------------------
PATH CONVENTION, stated so that no path in this note is ambiguous.  Every path in this entry
is relative to THIS folder: a bare filename is a sibling note here, ../ steps up to the
capture root, and ../../ leaves the capture.  Elsewhere in this note, a cited source file
carries the form the project itself uses - Gruntfile.js, config/config.js and
config/env/all.js are relative to the frontend resources root, while README.md,
docs/setup.md and the three build.env files are given from the repository root.  A full
repository path to a file inside this capture appears only where that file is named as a
deliverable, as in entry 6.

  ../artifacts/home.html.sha256          the digest this note qualifies: the rendered page
                                         whose content the recorded value selects
  ../flow-2-views.result.txt             the rendered-view flow, which depends on the
                                         served assets this page references
  ../env/toolchain.txt                   toolchain provenance and run posture as captured,
                                         and the separate fact this note is not
  ../comparison.txt                      the cross-capture comparison whose home.html row
                                         entry 4 places a condition on
  01-artifact-comparison-scope.txt       scopes the five-artifact comparison, establishes
                                         why byte identity is achievable, and carries the
                                         source-map limitation that narrows it
  06-normalisation-and-redaction.txt     the sibling note of this numbered series that would
                                         carry the normalisation and redaction posture.
                                         OBSERVED STATE: not present in this capture at the
                                         time of writing.  The reference is forward-looking
                                         and is marked as such rather than implied to exist;
                                         the posture it would carry is currently distributed
                                         across the eight flow result records and the run
                                         posture in ../env/toolchain.txt

DISCLOSED DELTA against a sibling note, recorded from this side so that neither record
silently contradicts the other, and so that nothing in that note needed editing.
01-artifact-comparison-scope.txt states two things about this file that its own evidence
made true when it was written and that this note now changes:

  at :L318-L328   it discloses that a brief named two sibling notes, this one and the
                  normalisation note, and that neither exists in the capture.  The row for
                  THIS file is superseded: it exists, and it is this record.  The row for
                  the normalisation note still stands, and is repeated above rather than
                  quietly dropped
  at :L330-L335   it records one genuine open gap - that the environment value selecting the
                  asset list is read at Gruntfile.js:L163 and that its value at capture time
                  is recorded nowhere in the capture - and states it as unavailable rather
                  than guessing it.  THIS NOTE CLOSES THAT GAP, and closes it the way that
                  note demanded: by deriving the branch selection from the producing script
                  and from the read site, both cited by line, rather than by supplying a
                  value from expectation
