which commit this capture describes

produced-by: docs/migration/smoke-evidence/smoke-checks.sh, record_capture_provenance

provenance-measured-in-tree: <REPO-ROOT>
capture-commit: c8f6226105c28c2743281d26bf21ad73f7bb7f26
capture-branch: HEAD
commit-resolves-in-this-repository: yes -- c8f6226105c28c2743281d26bf21ad73f7bb7f26 resolves to a commit object in this repository
commit-reachable-from-branch: yes -- reachable from HEAD
worktree-outside-this-capture: clean -- every path outside this capture directory is tracked and unmodified, so the commit named above contains the tree this capture was taken from
git-status-porcelain-outside-this-capture: empty -- git status --porcelain reported no line outside this capture directory
dirty-worktree-override-requested: 0

what the commit field means, stated because it is easy to over-read: it is the
  commit whose CONTENT this capture was taken from -- the application deployed
  here was built from it, and this script was read from it.  The capture files
  themselves are necessarily written afterwards and therefore land in a
  SUCCESSOR commit; a file cannot contain the hash of the commit that contains
  it.  The clean-worktree line above is what makes the pair meaningful, because
  it says the tree this run read was the tree that commit holds.

WHICH TREE THE THREE ROWS ABOVE DESCRIBE, named because the two sides answer
  differently and a reader must not have to guess.  They describe the tree named
  on the provenance-measured-in-tree row, which is the tree this capture READ for
  every repository observation it made -- the static audit gate, the externalised
  JNDI properties file, the tracked corpus figures.  On the post-migration side
  that is the working clone, so the rows also describe the tree the capture was
  written into.  On the PRE-MIGRATION side it is a detached worktree of the base
  commit, because a capture of the base commit that read repository state from the
  changed tree would be describing the change set it exists to be compared
  against; the capture detects that mismatch itself and says CONTRADICTED on the
  declared-side-against-observed-head row of every flow record.  There the rows
  above describe the base worktree, and the capture is written into the clone.

why the measurement excludes this capture directory: the destination is inside
  the repository and this run rewrites it wholesale, so counting it would make
  the number self-referential -- the check would be reporting the files the run
  is in the middle of producing.  The staging directory is excluded for the same
  reason: it exists only while the run is in flight.  Everything else in the
  repository is in scope, and a single differing path outside this directory
  stops the run by default.

read this together with:
  env/toolchain.txt              the toolchain this capture ran on, captured
                                 from the tools themselves
  notes/manifest.txt             what this capture produced, against what it
                                 declared it would produce
  surefire/run-provenance.txt    the commit the archived unit-test reports were
                                 harvested at, which is a separate producer and
                                 says so
  startup/startup.status         the commit the startup regions were
                                 adjudicated from, likewise
  artifacts/diff-result.txt      the commit the frontend byte-identity criterion
                                 was adjudicated at.  Post-migration side only,
                                 because it is one statement about the PAIR

FOUR PRODUCERS, FOUR COMMITS, ONE STATE OF THE REPOSITORY.  The records above
  can name different commits without contradiction, and a reader should expect
  them to: each names the commit ITS OWN producer ran at, and they run at
  different times because two of them need BOTH capture sides on disk before
  they can run at all.  Four commits are not four captures.  What must hold
  across them is that no non-documentation content differed between any two,
  which is one command per pair and is the check to make rather than to trust:
    git diff --name-only <one-commit> <other-commit> -- ":!docs"
  An empty result means the two commits describe the same application, the same
  build files and the same producers, differing only in the evidence written
  between them -- which is exactly what a sequence of evidence commits should
  differ in.  A non-empty result would mean the application changed underneath
  the evidence, and no amount of prose could repair that.

ONE OF THE SIX IDENTITIES IS DELIBERATELY NOT LIKE THE OTHERS, and it is named
  here so it is not read as a fault.  The PRE-MIGRATION capture names the base
  commit, and the check above run against it does NOT come back empty: it lists
  the change set, which is the whole point of a pre-migration side.  That side
  reads the base commit because its repository observations -- the static audit
  gate, the externalised JNDI properties file, the tracked corpus figures -- are
  claims about the tree BEFORE the change set, and reading them from the changed
  tree would describe the thing it exists to be compared against.  Its own
  provenance-measured-in-tree row says which tree it read.
