WHICH FLOWS HAVE PROVABLE BASELINE PARITY, AND WHICH CANNOT
===========================================================

Why this file exists
--------------------
migrated/comparison.txt reports "match" or "DIFFER" per row, and neither word means what a
reader is likely to assume. A page of "match" rows can be a page of agreement WITHOUT
evidence - two captures that both failed to exercise a flow agree perfectly about having
observed nothing. A page of "DIFFER" rows can equally be a page in which one capture simply
saw MORE than the other, which is not a regression either.

This file separates those readings so that no downstream summary can convert any of them
into "parity demonstrated". It asserts nothing new: every classification below is read off
the committed .status files and .out transcripts. Where migrated/comparison.txt is quoted it
is quoted as a subject, not relied on as a source - one of its rows predates the file it
describes, and that is recorded here and in <side>/notes/07-post-capture-supersession.txt
rather than inherited.

What the two captures actually recorded
---------------------------------------
Every figure below was re-derived from the committed .status files and .out transcripts, in
the state they are committed in. It is NOT taken from the flow result records, and it is not
taken from migrated/comparison.txt where that file predates what it describes: three result
records and one comparison row belong to earlier runs, and every one of them is enumerated
with its measurement in the capture notes at <side>/notes/07-post-capture-supersession.txt.
An earlier revision of this page described a materially different situation - four flows
unexercised on both sides, three required differences, every one of the eight verdicts
differing - and that description is wrong in every one of those particulars against the
capture committed here. The corrections are stated as corrections rather than substituted
quietly, because a reviewer holding the earlier revision needs to know which document moved.

Verdicts as recorded, migrated side first, read from the two .result.txt records and the
.status files beneath them:

  flow-1-login              OBSERVED-AUTHENTICATED-AND-IDENTITY-CONFIRMED
                            vs OBSERVED-INCOMPLETE-1-REQUIREMENTS-UNMET
  flow-2-views              OBSERVED-RENDERED-AND-ASSETS-DIGESTED          both sides
  flow-3-alfresco-roundtrip OBSERVED-ROUNDTRIP-COMPLETED                   both sides
  flow-4-solr-search        OBSERVED-SEARCH-ANSWERED                       both sides
  flow-5-activemq-event     OBSERVED-EVENT-TRANSITED-AND-INDEXED           both sides
  flow-6-generated-number   OBSERVED-NUMBER-GENERATED                      both sides
  flow-7-workflow-start     OBSERVED-WORKFLOW-STARTED-AND-TASK-ASSIGNED    both sides
  flow-8-queue-transition   OBSERVED-QUEUE-ROUTING-EVALUATED-NOT-APPLIED   both sides

SEVEN OF THE EIGHT VERDICTS AGREE, and all eight flows executed on both sides. No flow in
this pair is unexercised. That is the single most important fact on this page and it is also
the fact an earlier revision got backwards, so it is stated before any tier.

  THE TWO SIDES DID PROBE TWO RUNTIMES, and one provenance caveat sits beside that rather
  than against it. Read from the committed startup regions, the DEPLOYED SERVER on each side
  is what the side label says it is:

      baseline/startup   JVM Version: 1.8.0_492-8u492-ga~us2-0ubuntu1~25.10.1-b09
                         Apache Tomcat/9.0.120, Server startup in [166386] milliseconds
      migrated/startup   JVM Version: 17.0.19+10-1-25.10.2-Ubuntu
                         Apache Tomcat/9.0.120, Server startup in [162514] milliseconds

  So this pair IS cross-runtime, and the agreement below is agreement between a JDK 8
  deployment and a Java 17 deployment of the two trees.

  The caveat is about the CAPTURE HOST rather than the server. env/toolchain.txt records the
  tools of the machine that ran the producer, and on BOTH sides those are openjdk 17.0.19,
  Maven 3.8.7, node v20.20.2 and npm 10.8.2, with git HEAD 0e13c8620d. The pre-migration
  capture therefore records, in field position:

      declared-side-versus-observed-head: CONTRADICTED: the capture declares the
      pre-migration side and the base commit c8f6226105, but HEAD is 0e13c8620d.
      The observed head is the fact; the side label is a declaration.

  That says the pre-migration side was captured FROM the migrated tree while probing a
  base-commit deployment, so the producer, the probe definitions and the host tooling were
  the migrated ones on both sides. That is what makes the two comparable at all; it is also
  why the side designations inside the records are labels, and why the runtime of record for
  either side is read from the startup region above rather than from a designation.

  A THIRD capture exists and is one-sided: provisioned-stack/, taken later against the same
  deployed artifact with a content repository and a search core provisioned. It exercises all
  eight flows and its flow 3 completes its round trip with retrieved-bytes-match=yes and
  mime-identity=yes. It has no counterpart and cannot acquire one, so what it establishes is
  that those behaviours FUNCTION on the target runtime - not that they are UNCHANGED. Those
  are different claims and only the second is parity.

Tier 1 - the two captures agree on every required record
--------------------------------------------------------
  flow-2-views               .status 20 of 20 agree    .out 181 projected records agree
  flow-3-alfresco-roundtrip  .status 13 of 13 agree    .out  54 projected records agree
  flow-4-solr-search         .status  9 of  9 agree    .out  38 projected records agree
  flow-6-generated-number    .status  4 of  4 agree    .out  37 projected records agree
  flow-7-workflow-start      .status 21 of 21 agree    .out  62 projected records agree
  flow-8-queue-transition    .status 12 of 12 agree    .out  36 projected records agree

  Six flows, agreeing on the verdict and on every record beneath it. The comparison reports
  flow 7 as 18 records rather than 21 because its projection drops the three
  task-list-settle keys by declared prefix: how many times an index-settle poll has to ask
  is a property of the deployment's index, not of behaviour.

  These six agree across a JDK 8 deployment and a Java 17 deployment, which is the
  comparison this deliverable exists to make, and they include all four integration flows -
  the content repository, the message broker, the workflow engine and queue routing. What
  they do not become is a general clearance: each is ONE observation of the flow, taken once
  per side, and flow 7 records its own RESIDUAL_RISK token saying so.

Tier 2 - the captures differ, and each difference is accounted for
------------------------------------------------------------------
  flow-1-login   verdict DIFFERS, and 3 of its 11 status records differ
      this  OBSERVED-AUTHENTICATED-AND-IDENTITY-CONFIRMED
      other OBSERVED-INCOMPLETE-1-REQUIREMENTS-UNMET

      Two separate things differ and they must not be read as one.

      The VERDICT differs in the migrated side's favour. The unmet requirement on the other
      side reads delivered configuration that the migrated side has and the pre-migration
      label does not, so it is a difference in what the CAPTURE reached rather than in what
      the application did. Resolved at ../ambiguity-resolutions.md entry 21.

      The AUTHORIZATION RESULT also differs, and this one is a difference in what the
      application returned: granted-authority-count 5 against 6, with the migrated side
      additionally holding the directory group ARKCASE_SUPERVISOR@ARKCASE.ORG, so
      granted-authority-set-ordered and granted-authority-set-sha256 differ with it.
      Everything the effective authorization is made of agrees exactly - the same principal,
      the same four ROLE_ authorities including ROLE_SUPERVISOR, the same 106 privileges, and
      the same digest over the sorted privilege list,
      bcf3ed0bd9a2b2318f541badabf338c5621fe12383a7b15f024cb648c9e5f782, on both sides. The
      cause was traced to directory content rather than to the runtime and it is resolved at
      ../ambiguity-resolutions.md entry 22 with the measurements.

      So on the literal form of the Gate-4 criterion for this flow - identical outcome AND
      identical authorization result - parity is NOT demonstrated. On the effective form, the
      roles held and the privileges granted, it is. Both are stated, because this file exists
      to stop the second from being read as the first.

      migrated/comparison.txt reports this status file as a MATCH over 5 records. That row
      predates the six authorization records: it counted the five transport records, which do
      agree. Counting the status file as committed makes the required-difference total FIVE
      rather than the four the comparison prints, and the fifth is this one - already
      adjudicated, never uncounted twice.

  flow-5-activemq-event   verdict AGREES, 3 of its 18 status records differ
      broker-dequeue-count 465 against 1644, broker-dispatch-count 465 against 2423 and
      broker-enqueue-count 465 against 1644. These are the broker's own lifetime counters on
      a shared broker, so they count every message the broker has carried since it started
      and not the messages this flow produced. The flow's behavioural observations - that the
      event transited and was indexed - agree, as do all 38 projected .out records.

Tier 3 - required differences that are not flows
------------------------------------------------
  application.min.js and application.min.css digests differ between the two captures. They
  are a separate subject with their own record: ../ambiguity-resolutions.md 6a characterises
  both to the byte and states what the comparison does and does not establish, and
  ../pre-existing-defects.md entry 13 registers them as an UNMET Gate-2 criterion rather than
  as an accepted deviation. Neither is a flow.

  The other three pipeline artifacts agree exactly: application.js, vendors.min.js and
  home.html, the last of which is the cache-busted page and therefore the strongest single
  artifact row in the set.

The honest summary, in one line
-------------------------------
Six of eight flows agree with their counterpart on the verdict and on every compared record;
one differs in the capture's favour and, separately, in three authorization records traced to
directory content; one agrees on its verdict and every behavioural record while three broker
lifetime counters differ. The two sides probed a JDK 8 deployment and a Java 17 deployment, so
this is a cross-runtime comparison and the agreement is the evidence it was taken for.

What it is still not is a clearance. Every row is ONE observation per side rather than a
repeated measurement; the four integration flows are exercised once each and flow 7 carries its
own RESIDUAL_RISK token saying the process engine is observed here and not cleared; and the
provenance caveat above means the producer and probe definitions on both sides came from the
migrated tree. Two supporting bodies of evidence sit beside the pair rather than inside it: the
deployment reaching ready state with its startup ERROR census reconciled, and the one-sided
provisioned-stack/ capture taken with a content repository and a search core provisioned. Both
are weaker than a matched row and neither is offered as one.

The producer digest, and why it does not match the committed script
------------------------------------------------------------------
Both captures record the same producer-sha256 in env/toolchain.txt, and that row is the whole
basis for reading the two side by side: equal digests mean one program wrote both, whatever
either capture says in prose. That property holds, and a reader checks it by diffing the two
rows against each other.

What the row does NOT claim is that it is the digest of smoke-checks.sh as committed here. It is
the digest of the producer AT THE MOMENT THE TWO CAPTURES RAN, and the producer has been revised
since — by the later work in this change set that corrected the flow-7 deployment total, the
readiness predicate, the credential redaction and the manifest tiering, every one of which
changed the script's bytes. So `sha256sum docs/migration/smoke-evidence/smoke-checks.sh` returns
a different value from the row, and that is expected rather than evidence of tampering: the row
is a record of an event, and the file is a program that has moved on since the event.

Recomputing the row to today's digest was rejected. It would assert that the currently committed
script produced these captures, which is false, and the assertion could not be withdrawn by
re-taking the captures either: the pre-migration side probed a JDK 8 deployment of the base
commit, and that deployment cannot be rebuilt from this tree - the shared local artifact
repository now holds the intra-reactor artifacts at class-file version 61 and the older compiler
cannot read them, which is recorded with the captured compiler error in
baseline/surefire/notes/property-allowlist-line-continuation.txt. Editing a frozen capture to make a
number agree with a later state of the tree is the authenticity defect this checkpoint's surefire
work was spent eliminating, and it is not reintroduced here for a digest.
