ArkCase migration smoke evidence — closing summary
capture-directory: <CAPTURE-DIR>
target-base-url: http://localhost:53080/arkcase
completeness: COMPLETE
transport-trust-mode: verify-default-trust-store
state-mutation-permitted: yes

This summary is an index over the evidence, read back from each flow s own
result file.  It is NOT the assertion for any flow: the authoritative record
for flow n is the trio flow-n-<slug>.out, .status and .result.txt.  No verdict
here or anywhere in this script is derived from a subprocess exit status.

flows:
  flow-1-login: OBSERVED-AUTHENTICATED-AND-IDENTITY-CONFIRMED
  flow-2-views: OBSERVED-RENDERED-AND-ASSETS-DIGESTED
  flow-3-alfresco-roundtrip: OBSERVED-ROUNDTRIP-COMPLETED
  flow-4-solr-search: OBSERVED-SEARCH-ANSWERED
  flow-5-activemq-event: OBSERVED-EVENT-TRANSITED-AND-INDEXED
  flow-6-generated-number: OBSERVED-NUMBER-GENERATED
  flow-7-workflow-start: OBSERVED-WORKFLOW-STARTED-AND-TASK-ASSIGNED
  flow-8-queue-transition: OBSERVED-QUEUE-ROUTING-EVALUATED-NOT-APPLIED

execution order, which differs from the flow numbering on purpose:
  1-login, 2-views, 6-generated-number, 3-alfresco-roundtrip,
  4-solr-search, 5-activemq-event, 7-workflow-start, 8-queue-transition
  Flow 6 creates the object that flows 3, 5 and 7 then act on, which is what
  lets those three observe real behaviour rather than a configuration
  endpoint.  The flow NUMBERS and SLUGS are fixed by the artefact naming
  contract so that the two capture directories align for a directory diff;
  only the order in which they run is chosen.

artifact digests:
  application.js.sha256: 3c0aeb4d2b02dc740e733e5ed89c87bf0d229cc19489ee0f023c04af611391b8  application.js
  application.min.css.sha256: 04228704205f51db7eac073b0001c87e54473f372865a031b910b989c8891ea1  application.min.css
  application.min.js.map.sha256: 84a7efde28457effd813db74a816936d6c0b434196f79d1eec6c4aaa0697c2b8  application.min.js.map
  application.min.js.sha256: c1a4cb56e4b644c4d6e356698a222f9de2b57dc0114eec86d93323e0a9b41dc2  application.min.js
  home.html.sha256: 43c5eb7d7735fc2894f0665cf0238cbf3e097baeb1b13c6c39fc5a1078b7c7a9  home.html
  vendors.min.js.sha256: 70187246b480eebb6f920732ce84356fb719b2db9694c10ed20388ff6f5e3be4  vendors.min.js

supporting captures:
  notes/completeness.txt         the machine-readable completeness verdict
  env/toolchain.txt              toolchain provenance and run posture
  notes/corpus-figures.txt       corpus counts measured at run time
  notes/determinism-basis.txt    why the digests are a valid comparison
  notes/reference-stack.txt      four service probes, including the
                                 documented pre-existing 503
  notes/readiness.txt            readiness polling observations
  notes/created-state.txt        application state this run created
  notes/cleanup.txt              removal of that state, and its outcome
  notes/surefire-pairing.txt     archived unit-test report pairing against
                                 the committed contract
  notes/manifest.txt             the exact set of files this run produced,
                                 checked against the declared manifest
  notes/startup-window.txt       the ONE bounded startup window every
                                 startup region was mined from, with the
                                 source digest, line numbers and byte
                                 offsets needed to re-derive it
  notes/artifact-digest-records.txt  schema validation of the six digest
                                 records, read back after writing
  notes/frontend-comparison-provenance.txt  which frontend build produced
                                 this side of the artifact comparison
  notes/06-normalisation-and-redaction.txt  the redaction and
                                 normalisation ledger, with a live
                                 self-test of every rule class
  static-audit.txt               the internal-package audit gate, run and
                                 captured by this script
  jacoco-liveness.txt            coverage instrumentation liveness,
                                 measured from the execution data on disk
  startup/                       startup-log regions (never a directory
                                 named after a log folder: that name is
                                 git-ignored at any depth)
  surefire/<module>/TEST-<fully.qualified.Class>.xml  archived reports,
                                 cited by path from the baseline test
                                 failures register

MIRROR:
  The two capture directories mirror each other file for file and directory
  for directory, which is what makes the recursive comparison below
  mechanically meaningful: every difference it reports is a difference in
  evidence rather than a difference in layout.  Every entry that a recursive
  comparison finds on ONE side only is enumerated below, MEASURED from the
  two path sets when this file was written rather than recalled from a list
  kept by hand, so that none of them can pass as an oversight and so that a
  file added to either side afterwards cannot leave this accounting quietly
  wrong.  ANY entry present on only one side and NOT named here is a real
  finding.

  Present on the PRE-MIGRATION side only (2):
    smoke-run-summary.txt
      The closing index for this capture, written by the closing step of
      smoke-checks.sh.  It is an INDEX ONLY and is the authority for
      nothing: the deliverable is satisfied by the eight flow-n result
      files.  The pre-migration capture in this tree predates that closing
      step and therefore carries no counterpart; the script emits the file
      on whichever side it is next run, so this asymmetry is a property of
      when each side was captured, not of what either side found.
    surefire/notes/property-allowlist-line-continuation.txt
      The register for one harvest defect that exists on this side alone:
      the archived pre-migration reports carry an orphaned property-element
      tail, because the older runner writes line.separator with a value that
      is a literal newline and the installer property filter is
      line-oriented.  The migrated reports do not carry it, so there is
      nothing on that side to register.  The note sits BESIDE the module
      directories, never inside one, which is the same placement rule
      run-provenance.txt and sha256-manifest.txt follow.  The defect is
      documented and deliberately NOT fixed: the archive is digest-bound, so
      editing a report to tidy it would break the manifest that proves the
      report is an unaltered relocated capture, and the defect blocks no
      validation item.  The measured figures are in the register itself.

  Present on the MIGRATED side only, outside surefire/ (2):
    artifacts/diff-result.txt
      The adjudication of the frontend artifact byte-identity criterion,
      per artifact and with one overall verdict.  Like comparison.txt it is
      a statement ABOUT the pair rather than an observation of either half,
      so it is written once and from the migrated side; the per-artifact
      digests it adjudicates are carried on both sides beside it.
      It is GENERATED by compare-frontend-artifacts.sh, a sibling of this
      script, and carried into this staging tree rather than regenerated
      here.  Both halves of that matter: an earlier revision of it was
      hand-authored, which is the defect the generator removes, and this
      script must not regenerate it because a capture that rewrote a
      cross-capture verdict from whatever was on disk could overwrite a
      FAIL with a stale PASS.
    comparison.txt
      The recursive cross-capture comparison itself.  It is written once,
      from the migrated side, because it is a statement ABOUT the pair; a
      second copy on the pre-migration side would either duplicate it or
      contradict it.

  Present on the MIGRATED side only, inside surefire/ (6):
    surefire/acm-service-data-update/TEST-com.armedia.acm.services.dataupdate.web.SolrReindexServiceTests.xml
    surefire/acm-service-login/TEST-com.armedia.acm.auth.ad.ActiveDirectoryContextSourceInitializationTest.xml
    surefire/acm-service-login/TEST-com.armedia.acm.auth.ad.ActiveDirectoryContextSourceJndiEnvironmentTest.xml
    surefire/acm-service-login/TEST-com.armedia.acm.auth.ad.ActiveDirectoryContextSourceTest.xml
    surefire/acm-service-login/TEST-com.armedia.acm.auth.ad.ActiveDirectoryJndiDefaultsTest.xml
    surefire/ark-angular-starter/TEST-com.armedia.acm.userinterface.angular.AngularResourceCopierWiringTest.xml
      Archived reports for suites that do not exist at base commit c8f6226105,
      so the pre-migration run could not have produced them.  Each is
      accounted for by name in notes/surefire-pairing.txt.  A suite
      archived only on the migrated side is an ADDITION rather than a
      hole.  The fatal case is the inverse -- a suite archived at
      pre-migration with no migrated counterpart -- and that direction is
      measured and reported above rather than asserted absent.

  Carried on BOTH sides, and named here because each is easy to mistake
  for a deviation.  Each is listed only while both sides are observed to
  carry it, so this section cannot contradict the measured sets above:
    jacoco-liveness.txt
      The coverage-instrumentation liveness gate.  It is MEASURED on the
      migrated side, where it reports state LIVE from the execution data
      found on disk.  The pre-migration side carries the file too and
      records that it was NOT measured there, with the reason: the
      unit-test runner was declared in ZERO of the 145 project files at
      base commit c8f6226105, so the argument-line override that silently
      severs instrumentation could not arise before this migration and
      there was nothing on that side to assert.  Recording the
      not-measured state in a file of the same name, rather than omitting
      the file, is what keeps the two directories comparable.
    startup/error-scan.txt
      The recorded RESULT of the startup error scan, as distinct from
      startup/errors.log, which is the scan raw output.  Each side
      carries its own under this name and states the scan command and
      its region-selection decisions verbatim for its own runtime, so
      the two are COUNTERPARTS rather than copies and neither is a
      duplicate of the other.  An earlier revision of this block listed
      it as present on the pre-migration side only, which it no longer
      is now that both scans are recorded.

how to use this capture:
  diff -r <baseline-capture-dir> <migrated-capture-dir>
  A SKIPPED verdict is not a pass.  An OBSERVED-* verdict is not a pass
  either: it records what was seen.  The flow is behaviour-preserving only
  when the migrated capture differs from the baseline capture in nothing
  but values this script already normalises.
